---
layout: post.html
title: I will get to the bottom of this
url: ch/122.html
tags: [complaint,Stupid people]
---
I'm tired of this madness.  Every morning, I drop my wife off at the Metro and then drive to work.  Every morning, I think I'm in the correct lane to get where I want to go.  Every morning, someone in another lane thinks they have a right to be where I am.  I have to find out who's correct.  Some woman flashed her high beams at me this morning in anger, and I'm almost positive I was right and she was wrong.

The intersection in question is [Seven Corners](http://maps.google.com/maps?f=q&hl=en&q=leesburg+pike+and+arlington+blvd,+Falls+Church,+VA+22044&ie=UTF8&om=1&z=16&ll=38.872275,-77.156231&spn=0.014367,0.033989&iwloc=A), one of the most poorly designed sections of road I've ever seen.  The engineers responsible should never work in this field again.  If you leave the East Falls Church Metro down Sycamore/Roosevelt, then turn left onto Wilson, you arrive at a light.  Two lanes go right.  You turn onto what appears to be Leesburg Pike West, which has four or five lanes.  The two left lanes lead to a left turn yield.  This left turn takes you to Leesburg Pike East, which has four lanes.  Now, here is where the problem is.  If I see two lanes turning left into four, and I want to be in the lane second from the right, it makes sense that I get in the right lane before the turn, right?  There is no sign, and no line on the road to suggest anything.  And I seem to be the minority.  But if I get in the left lane, no doubt I will find myself again in the minority.  Because there are always fewer people who agree with you on matters like this, I've found.

In any event, if I was high-beamed in error, I'm very offended.  If I screw up and you flash your lights at me, I'll take that.  I might even wave an apology.  I can admit when I'm wrong.  But I won't stand for unwarranted high-beaming.  I just won't stand for it.

I'm going to contact the DMV today and see if I can get to the bottom of this.
