---
layout: post.html
title: Its nice to be a grown-up
url: ch/299.html
tags: [Pets]
---
There are a lot of hidden and unexpected benefits to growing up.  Many of the benefits are obvious:  You can drive, you have a real income, you don't get funny looks from convenience store clerks . . . the list goes on.  But then there are the things you never thought about.

Right up there on that list is that you have the maturity to know that there's nothing wrong with going to bed really early when you're tired.  I generally go to bed between 11 and 11:30, since I get up at 6:15.  Last night, the wife and I met some friends out for dinner and got home around 9pm.  We were both pretty tired - It's been kind of a long, stressful week.  So we went to bed at 9:30.

What a difference.  I feel much better this morning.  Sometimes, you need to get a few extra hours of sleep, and sometimes it isn't feasible to do that by sleeping in.

I won't be in bed early tonight because I have to take the cat to the babysitter's.  Her old owners are watching her while I'm at my in-laws' for Christmas.  And of course I can't just drive down there when I get out of work, because traffic is hideous.  So I'll have to wait until 7:30 or so.  It's an hour each way to their house, and I can't imagine I won't stay for a bit (They're some of my best friends as well as cat-sitters).

So, I have a few recommendations for all of you: 

  1. Go to bed really early every once in a while.
  2. Have friends who barely even notice an extra cat for a week.
  3. Don't drive on 395 in DC at 5pm.
