---
layout: post.html
title: Slim with the tilted brim
url: ch/199.html
tags: [complaint,Complaint]
---
['Snoop Dogg' faces gun, drug accusation - CNN.com](http://www.cnn.com/2006/LAW/10/27/snoop.dogg.arrest/index.html?eref=rss_topstories)

> "An investigation revealed Calvin Broadus to be in possession of marijuana and a firearm," a police statement said. . . .  "There was no basis for this arrest," said the rapper's lawyer, Donald Etra. "We believe that once this is cleared up, all charges will be dismissed."

Numerous things here.

First, if I were Snoop, I would legally change my name to Snoop Dogg so the media would have to stop putting it in quotes.

Second, taped to the monitor on my old PC at home is a picture of Snoop from the Wall Street Journal about eight or nine years ago when he publicily made a big deal out of quitting marijuana.  It appears he's started again.  Anyway, I was taking Public Finance in college, and we had to have a subscription to the WSJ for class, so I would usually read it during lunch.  As an aside, that was just after one of my roommates taught me how to make grilled cheese, and to this day I associate reading the WSJ with eating grilled cheese.  As for Snoop, I couldn't resist the little picture of him - it seems so out of place next to big time politicians and important people.  So it's been taped to that monitor for all that time.  I don't know what I'll do when I replace the monitor.

Third, Snoop needs to remember that a 2:1 arrests-to-albums ratio is safe, but if you get much higher than that, they stop calling you "rap artist 'Snoop Dogg'" and start calling you "convicted felon Calvin Broadus, who rapped under the name 'Snoop Dogg' before his arrest".

Fourth, as far as I'm concerned, rap doesn't get much better than "Doggystyle".
