---
layout: post.html
title: Aha!  I was right!
url: ch/128.html
tags: [Anti complaint,Stupid people]
---
The DMV was a couple of hours late in answering [my question](http://www.complainthub.com/?p=124), but I'm willing to let that slide because they completely vindicated me!  Emphasis mine on the relevant paragraph. 

> Per Code of Virginia, § 46.2-846:
> 
> A. Except where turning is prohibited, a driver intending to turn at an intersection or other location on any highway shall execute the turn as provided in this section.
> 
> 1. Right turns: Both the approach for a right turn and a right turn shall be made as close as practicable to the right curb or edge of the roadway.
> 
> 2. Left turns on two-way roadways: At any intersection where traffic is permitted to move in both directions on each roadway entering the intersection, an approach for a left turn shall be made from the right half of the roadway and as close as possible to the roadway's center line, passing to the right of the center line where it enters the intersection. After entering the intersection, the left turn shall be made so as to leave the intersection to the right of the centerline of the roadway being entered. Whenever practicable, the left turn shall be made to the left of the center of the intersection.
> 
> 3. Left turns on other than two-way roadways: At any intersection where traffic is restricted to one direction on one or more of the roadways, and at any crossover from one roadway of a divided highway to another roadway thereof on which traffic moves in the opposite direction, the driver intending to turn left at any such intersection or crossover shall approach the intersection or crossover in the extreme left lane lawfully available to traffic moving in the direction of travel of such vehicle and after entering the intersection or crossover **the left turn shall be made so as to leave the intersection or crossover, as nearly as practicable, in the left lane lawfully available to traffic moving in such direction upon the roadway being entered.**
> 
> B. Local authorities having the power to regulate traffic in their respective jurisdictions may cause markers or signs to be placed within or adjacent to intersections and thereby direct that a different course from that specified in this section be traveled by vehicles turning at any intersection. When markers or signs are so placed, no driver shall turn a vehicle at an intersection other than as directed by such markers or signs.

So, if you are in the far left, you must turn into the left lane.  I'm willing to concede the second lane from the left as well, but NOT the third from the left.  So take that, high-beam-flasher-lady!  You're wrong!  I'm right!

I still contend that the intersection is an abomination, but I feel quite vindicated.
