---
layout: post.html
title: Depressing politics
url: ch/296.html
tags: [World]
---
I was writing a lot here about politics before the elections, and since then I've written almost nothing.  Partly this is your fault for not holding me to my promise to write a letter to Jim Webb as soon as Novel Writing Month was over.  You all are such slackers.

But partly I just find myself depressed by the state of politics.  I was about to write something about a Wash Post article that celebrates Bush's first admission that [we're not winning the war in Iraq](http://www.washingtonpost.com/wp-dyn/content/article/2006/12/20/AR2006122000268.html?nav=rss_email/components), but as I was reading it, I lost heart.  I mean, what do I say at this point?  We've made a huge mess over there, and we show no signs that we're close to having it cleaned up.  Bush is going to send more troops, but the article thinks that will take years.  That's comforting.  Are we really spread so thin that we can't scrape together a few hundred thousand troops?  What if something else happens that requires our attention?

I realize I don't really know what I'm talking about here, and that's part of my frustration.

On a lighter note, I can already see someone on SNL making a joke out of Bush's "We're not losing, we're not winning."  If I were funnier than I am, I would think of a new word that means something in the middle.  And then I would say it in my best imitation of someone imitating Bush.  Then people would laugh.
