---
layout: post.html
title: Im sorry, Godwins Law says youre done now.
url: ch/18.html
tags: [complaint,uninformed ramblings]
---
[Pro-lifers against Buffett-Gates alliance - Yahoo! News](http://news.yahoo.com/s/ap/20060629/ap_on_re_us/billionaires_abortion)

How misguided do you have to be to attack a man for pledging tens of billions of dollars to charity? Misguided enough, I suppose, to run smack into [Godwin's Law](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Godwin%27s_law). 

> "The merger of Gates and Buffett may spell doom for the families of the developing world," said the Rev. Thomas Euteneuer, a Roman Catholic priest who is president of Human Life International.
> 
> Referring to Josef Mengele, the infamous Nazi death camp doctor, Euteneuer said Buffett "will be known as the Dr. Mengele of philanthropy unless he repents."

Now, for a minute, let's assume that the Judeo-Christian God exists more or less as He's described in the Bible. Then, we can suppose that Rev. Euteneuer asked Him, "So, God, we have this guy who wants to pledge literally billions of dollars to promote global health. He wants to bring medicine and education and all sorts of necessities to people who need them. But there's a possibility that a small fraction of the money will go to promote abortion. Should we stone him, or simply banish him into the wilderness?"

Whatever God may or may not be, He's not stupid. I'm pretty sure He'd tell the Reverend to go take a long walk. Actually, the Bible makes God out to be a little more aggressive. He might actually smite the Reverend.

I understand why people are against abortion. I'm against it, too, although I won't support laws that make it illegal. But when you'd stand in the way of all the good that can be done with this money just because you don't like where some of it's going, you're not doing God's work.

And I know the vast majority of pro-lifers aren't as dumb as this guy. Nor are the vast majority of Christians. But when you let idiots like this be your voice to the public, it's not helping things.
