---
layout: post.html
title: Is this what it takes to get people to vote?
url: ch/94.html
tags: [uninformed ramblings]
---
[CNN.com - High turnout in Lieberman-Lamont showdown - Aug 8, 2006](http://www.cnn.com/2006/POLITICS/08/08/democratic.primaries/index.html)

> Connecticut Secretary of State Susan Bysiewicz predicted Tuesday that turnout for the primary could reach 45 to 50 percent.

So, it takes a Republican pretending to be a Democrat and supporting an unpopular President to get an almost reasonable voter turnout. Congratulations, Connecticut - you're way ahead of most of the rest of us, although you should still be embarrassed about your turnout.

The rest of the country is watching this race very closely, I know. Many think this is a good indication of what's going to happen in other states. I hope it is. I would love to see record voter turnouts. Of course, I would always love to see that.

I don't know that I really have a point here. I don't really like Lieberman. Lamont obviously has a lot of support in the blog community, which could be good or bad. I think there's some great stuff coming out of the blog community (Much of it from right here), and I think it's great to fill in some gaps in the mainstream news coverage and help get people involved and paying attention to the news. But it's dangerous to put too much stock in a random blogger. Me, for example. I don't know jack. But sometimes I might sound like I do.

Whether that's a reason to support Lamont or not, I don't know. I like to see people using alternative means to promote a candidate, taking power away from the centralized party and the special interest groups and maybe actually responding to the people. But I can't tell you whether or not their faith in Lamont is misguided.

Okay, I'm done rambling. I don't know whether Connecticut should have voted for Lamont or Lieberman. I'm just happy that a bunch of them voted.
