---
layout: post.html
title: Someone should be complaining about me right now
url: ch/50.html
tags: [Personal]
---
So you may know that I'm getting married in about a month.  You may also know that I typically keep my hair short enough that I haven't owned a brush or comb since high school.  Usually, the $14 Hair Cuttery special is just perfect for me.

But I wanted something a little nicer for the wedding, so, at the advice of a coworker, I went to [Phantacee](http://www.phantacee.com/), which is not a strip club.  Although they do give you a nice scalp massage before they shampoo your hair.

Now, so far I like the haircut, although I just got home and haven't washed it yet, so it's too early to really tell.  But I feel bad.  I didn't realize that I wasn't going to be able to tip the woman who cut my hair on my credit card when I paid.  I gave her all the cash in my wallet, which was a mere $4 on a $30 haircut.  I apologized, explaining that I didn't realize I needed cash.  She blew it off, but she's not a native English speaker, and I fear I may not have adequately expressed myself.

Anyway, there was an ATM across the street.  However, I felt it would be rude to go across the street and come back, have to get change for a $20 from the desk, and then give her a tip.  Is that wrong?  My plan is to go back for a trim the week before the wedding and give her a large tip to make up for it.  Of course, I forgot to get her name, so it may be difficult.  But I intend to make up for my small tip.

Maybe now that I've linked to the salon's website, the thousands of visitors I get here will all get their hair cut there, and that will make up for it.  So, if you're reading this, and you're in the DC Metro area, head on over and ask for the girl who got the crappy tip from a guy with an unkempt (but clean) mop of rapidly greying hair.  Then tip her well.
