---
layout: post.html
title: Ford sucks.
url: ch/16.html
tags: [complaint,Wind kissing]
---
[The Spokes-Frog Is Dead, Long Live The Spokes-Frog! - Jalopnik](http://www.jalopnik.com/cars/news/the-spokesfrog-is-dead-long-live-the-spokesfrog-184198.php)

Jalopnik has a nice summary of an article detailing how, once again, Ford is backing down on a promise to go greener. Ford is spinning it to say that the original promise was "too narrow", and that they underestimated the changes in alternative fuels, so that their pledge to build more hybrids is no longer reasonable, but it's hard to believe that's anything but spin.

I'm continually embarrassed by the state of American automobiles. I would love to buy an American car. In fact, I sort of did, as I'm pretty sure my Mazda 3 has some Ford technology in it. But Japanese automakers are light years ahead of the American automakers in terms of fuel efficiency, reliability, quality . . .

And I don't understand why GM and Ford are latching on to ethanol so much. We have yet to show that we can produce sufficient quantities of ethanol at a feasible price. And they make most of it from corn, which is a tough, expensive crop to grow.

I know some argue that we need to buy American to support ourselves, rather than sending our money overseas. But I refuse to purchase an inferior product in the name of patriotism. It doesn't help my country if I reward Ford and GM for failing, and for breaking their promises to get greener. When an American car company makes a car that I can be proud to drive, I'll buy it. Until then, I'll stick with Japanese cars.
