---
layout: post.html
title: Awesome playoff scenario
url: ch/309.html
tags: [complaint,sports]
---
[NFL.com - NFL News](http://nfl.com/news/story/9817776)

> **Packers clinch strength of victory tiebreaker over NY Giants if all of the following occur: ARI win, DET win, MIA win, MIN win, SF win, CAR loss, HOU loss, TB loss.

Because the Redskins and the worst defensive coordinator ever, Gregg Williams, couldn't even begin to stop Tiki Barber and the Giants (He had TWO 50+ yard touchdown runs.  TWO!), Green Bay has a very slim chance to make the playoffs.  Eight games need to have exactly the right outcomes, or else the Giants go to the playoffs.  I think this could be the coolest playoff scenario ever.  Except that it will probably end up with the Giants going to the playoffs, and I hate the Giants.

The Redskins, on the other hand, should be embarrassed.  The Giants had lost six of seven games, were without one of their best defensive players (Michael Strahan), one of their best offensive players (Jeremy Shockey), and, for all intents and purposes, based on how he's been playing, without their quarterback (Eli "The Whiner" Manning).

And the Redskins let the Giants come into their house and run for 250 yards.  Joe Gibbs is a Hall of Fame coach.  But that man on the sidelines is not Joe Gibbs.  I think a brain-sucking parasite had taken over his body and delegated all playcalling to a Ouija board run by a couple of chimpanzees who don't even watch the games.

On behalf of the Redskins, I'd like to apologize to the NFC teams who had a shot at the playoffs if the Giants lost.  We let you down, and we're sorry.

And to the Giants:  I can't wait until you get knocked out of the playoffs in a three-touchdown loss to someone.  Have fun!
