---
layout: post.html
title: Not to pile on Microsoft . . .
url: ch/629.html
tags: [complaint,Work]
---
Actually, yes, I am piling on Microsoft. Microsoft deserves it.

Work just upgraded Outlook web mail last night, and the new and improved version only works in IE 6 or "greater" (their words, not mine). What this means is that Microsoft decided (Again) not to play along with all the web standards to which everyone is supposed to adhere. Instead, they'll introduce some proprietary garbage that only works properly with their own ideas of what people should be doing with their computers.

I imagine they get around monopolistic anti-trust violations by continuing to support the old version for other browsers, but exploiting legal loopholes is hardly what I would call being a responsible company.

Anyway, those of you who come to this site in Internet Explorer, you've probably noticed the site doesn't render properly. Some of you may make the argument that it doesn't really render properly in any browser, and I would tell you that I'll redesign when I'm good and f'ing ready. But I won't make sure it works in IE. If you read at work, and don't have a choice in your browser, I apologize. But if you're using IE by choice, then I have no sympathy. IE is not only an inferior way to view a web page, it is also actively making the internet worse.

And please don't tell me to buy a Mac.  They're just as bad as Microsoft (In some ways worse), they just have prettier cases and better marketing.
