---
layout: post.html
title: High School kid shot in my neighborhood
url: ch/468.html
tags: [Harvard Street]
---
[Washingtonpost.com: High School Senior Killed in Northwest](http://www.washingtonpost.com/wp-dyn/content/article/2007/04/22/AR2007042201616.html)

An 18-year-old kid who lives on my street was shot about three blocks from my house late Saturday night. Maybe it was gang-related, but they don't seem to have much in the way of details.

When we moved into the city, some people thought we were crazy. Why would we move from the nice, safe suburbs into the scary, busy city? People wondered about Columbia Heights, too. It's not the most dangerous place in the city, but it's also not Georgetown (Thankfully. I don't want to live in Georgetown. It's a nice place to go shopping if you have too much money on your hands, but I don't like the feel of the area. Not quite sure why.). But this is the first major crime I'm aware of in the area since we moved.

I have not yet felt unsafe at any time in Columbia Heights. Sure, I've passed some people talking loudly to themselves, and I've been asked for money. But I've never had to cross the street because I felt threatened or anything like that.

We were out at a bar on P St Saturday night, and we were just walking home shortly before this happened. I guess that makes this a bigger deal. I've probably scared my mom and my mother-in-law by now. But I've talked to my wife, and we think we're going to be more inclined to take a cab home if we're out late. I still don't feel unsafe, but that doesn't mean we shouldn't be careful.
