---
layout: post.html
title: Joo-dish-oo-what?
url: ch/669.html
tags: [complaint,dc,metro,The Devil]
---
Is this a DC thing?  Every time I hear someone on a Metro loudspeaker mention the Judiciary Square Metro stop, they pronounce it "joo-DISH-oo-wary".

I don't often take the Red Line out that way, so I don't hear it very often.  But today something was going on there, and they made an announcement at Pentagon City while I was waiting for my train.

I'm home early, by the way, because Satan's Cable Company, Comcast, is supposed to come out again to fix our tv and internet.  I was told the other day that they had to do some work outside, and no one needed to be home.  Apparently that was a lie.

I really hate Comcast.  The service is bad.  I hear they're much better in Maryland, but in DC the service is not good.  The guy who came to look at our connections the other day was very pleasant, but he couldn't fix the problem.

Anyway, if there was any real competition in the cable and internet market here, I would switch.  But there currently isn't.  A neighbor is trying out the DirecTV and Verizon DSL route.  I'm going to have to see how he likes it.  I've had bad experiences with satellite tv, and I'm sure Verizon is going to complain if I ask for DSL without a Verizon phone line (Although I think they have to provide it).

So, I'm at home, using my wireless internet card from work.  It's AT&T, and it works occasionally.  Actually, the card says Cingular on it, but Cingular doesn't exist anymore.

And now I'm just rambling, which usually means I should just stop and hit "Publish".  So I think I'll do that.
