---
layout: post.html
title: N Exactly IMBY
url: ch/602.html
tags: [dc,Real Estate]
---
[Welcome to MissionDCFacts.Com - A Fact-Blog based on FACTS!](http://missiondcfacts.com/)

> Central Union Men's Shelter is seeking to move from the current location they own and maintain at 14th and R Streets, NW. The current location houses an approximately 30,000 square foot men's shelter containing 84 beds. The Mission is seeking the new facility on Georgia Avenue to be built at a whopping size 70,000-80,000 square feet and 200-250 beds - more than doubling their current size.

I've been meaning to look up this website ever since I ran past a few signs on 11th Street advertising it. It seems that, because 14th and R is such a sought-after location, they want to build condos there. And since Georgia Ave is still a little rough, they'll put a giant homeless shelter there.

I have no idea how I feel about this. It does feel a little like the rich developer taking advantage of the poor residents of less gentrified area. On the other hand, the guy is probably just making a good business decision - take the prime real estate for condos, and move the homeless shelter to a cheaper neighborhood.

But it's not exactly my neighborhood. The proposed site is not somewhere I pass by very often, if at all, even if it isn't all that far from my house.

I think it's kind of funny how the website I linked goes to great lengths to describe the [fancy development in Alexandria where the head of the Mission lives](http://missiondcfacts.com/reasons.barfonceagrees.htm).  Although I do agree - I'm always somewhat annoyed when someone who lives in expensive Virginia suburbs tries to make rules for DC.

Anyway, I'm not sure where I stand on this.  But I finally remembered to look at the website, so I thought I should mention it.
