---
layout: post.html
title: 71% is good?
url: ch/550.html
tags: [complaint,dc,parking,Harvard Street]
---
The folks over at DCist [write](http://dcist.com/2007/07/20/how_do_you_get.php) that, according to an article in the Examiner, 71% of the DC area drives alone to work.  They say this is good because we were at 74% three years ago, and the nation is at 77% and rising.

That's kind of depressing.  I've been taking Metro to work since March, and I love it.  I don't worry about traffic.  I've done more reading since then than in the previous three years combined.  My biggest worries are four car trains at Pentagon City and loud tourists.

I know many people don't have the opportunity to take public transportation, and carpooling can be hard.  But only doing 6% better than the national average in a city like DC is kind of sad.  I wonder what the percentage is in London, for example, where they have huge congestion taxes.  Now that I'm an excessively smug city resident and Metro rider, I say $20 to drive your car into the city!  $30 if you've come from more than ten miles away!  We'll give two monthly exemptions for people who just have to come to the city every once in a while, like they way I have to drive out to Manassas once or twice a month for work.

We can use some of that money to pay for whatever it is we're paying for with all the parking tickets DC gives out.  I think more and more that DC gives out those tickets maliciously.  I think I'm going to start contesting them regardless of guilt, just to spite the city.
