---
layout: post.html
title: Go see this play
url: ch/470.html
tags: [Harvard Street]
---
[The Rorschach Theatre Blog: Political](http://rorschachtheatre.blogspot.com/2007/04/political.html)

> This is not a show about two people fighting for two hours. There are very real laughs and tears. There is sex and hunger and all the colors of the human condition.

I think that does a pretty good job of summing up the play we saw last night as part of my birthday presents from my wife. _References to Salvador Dali Make Me Hot_ was written by the guy who wrote the screenplay for [The Motorcycle Diaries](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0318462/). And [The Rorschach Theatre](http://rorschachtheatre.com/) is literally right around the corner from our place, tucked inside a little church. I would describe the theater itself as "very intimate". There are two rows of folding chairs on either side of the stage, room for maybe 70 people.

I was pleasantly surprised by the production quality and the acting. I thought it might tend to the amateurish side, since this is a funky little theater in a church. Yes, I know I'm switching between "theater" and "theatre". The proper name has the "re", but I don't spell the word like that.

Anyway, the acting was anything but amateurish. It's a very emotional and sexually-charged play, typical of Spanish magic realism, and I thought the acting was great. The set was cool. They did a nice job of working with the space limitations and the lack of a curtain.

Now, the play itself. The story is about a soldier returning to his wife, who is bored and alone in the desert. She desperately wants his companionship, to connect with someone on a meaningful level, after spending a lot of time with her cat and the boy next door who is in love with her. He desperately wants to take his boots off and take her to bed.

I'm no theater critic, but this is a pretty good way to spend two hours. The wife and I will definitely go back to see another play.
