---
layout: post.html
title: Waiting for the blinds guy
url: ch/626.html
tags: [Anti complaint,Home Improvement]
---
No, not the blind guy. Someone from [Next Day Blinds](http://www.nextdayblinds.com) is coming out to measure the windows in the bedroom so we can replace the temporary blinds with real ones.

I have to say, while some may think that a DC resident going out to Virginia for window blinds is ridiculous, or even blasphemous, I have good reason.

First, I bought from Next Day Blinds in Bailey's Crossroads when I was living in Falls Church and working less than a mile from the store. It was convenient then.

Second, and probably more importantly, Clinton, the manager at NDB Bailey's Crossroads, is fantastic. He's efficient and friendly. He sold us blinds without trying to talk us up to something more expensive or feed us a lot of marketing junk. When we were in on Saturday, they didn't have an open slot to come measure this week, so he scheduled one for next week, but told us he'd call the install people Monday and see what he could do, and call us back.

Sure enough, on Monday he called and told us that he had a slot for us on Wednesday.

I'm not really hard to please when it comes to customer service. Don't treat me like an idiot or an ATM, do what you say you're going to do, and I should be fine.

Anyway, looking forward to getting our blinds installed next week. The temporary paper ones from Home Depot certainly do keep the construction workers next door from having a clear view into our bedroom, and even look pretty good for $10 folded paper. But they aren't a permanent solution.

Edit:  Blinds guy came.  He was very pleasant, as well.  Took him all of five minutes.
