---
layout: post.html
title: On Blogging
url: ch/413.html
tags: [Anti complaint,blogging,Life]
---
I feel like I've been neglecting this blog lately.  That's probably because I've been getting more traffic to [From Harvard Street](http://columbiaheights.complainthub.com/articles/2007/03/07/will-i-ever-make-it-home), and that makes blogging more interesting.  It's always nice to have people reading your stuff, and maybe doing some commenting.  Harvard Street is tied to a location, and right next door to the 2nd "bloggiest" neighborhood in the country according to [outside.in](http://outside.in), and so there are tons of people looking for local DC blogs.  All this blog has going for it is me bitching about things.

As a brief aside, I cooked a delicious dinner tonight.  Tilapia sauteed with some olive oil and garlic, a little pepper and oregano, served on top of homemade black bean salsa, with steamed cauliflower on the side (The wife LOVES cauliflower).  We had a really nice bottle of wine that she bought me for Christmas, and we've been enjoying the nice weather with all the windows open.

Anyway, I've been thinking about consolidating the two blogs.  Mostly I've been using this one for general thoughts, and the Harvard Street blog for things related to DC.  I'm not sure if it really makes sense to keep them separate.  On the other hand, it's probably a huge pain to take a [wordpress](http://wordpress.org) blog and a [typo](http://typosphere.org/) blog and combine them.  I'm sure there's a tutorial somewhere, but I'm also sure I don't feel like doing it.

So, as usual, I'm rambling.  To summarize, the additional traffic I've been getting at the other blog has made me focus more on it than this one, and I'm not sure how I feel about that.  Thanks for reading, though.
