---
layout: post.html
title: Today is Blog Action Day
url: ch/641.html
tags: [Wind kissing]
---
[Blog Action Day](http://www.blogactionday.org/)

> On October 15th, bloggers around the web will unite to put a single important issue on everyone’s mind - the environment. Every blogger will post about the environment in their own way and relating to their own topic. Our aim is to get everyone talking towards a better future.

So. The environment. It sure is important, huh?

You know, I don't quite remember what it was that actually got me thinking about the environment. It's the kind of thing that tends to start slow. At first maybe you just make a better effort to recycle, and maybe buy a few compact flourescent bulbs. But eventually, you start to actually change the way you think about things, and it stops being about incremental improvements in your lifestyle, and you actually fundamentally change the way you live your life.

You start to wonder if the food you're eating is organic, or humanely raised and slaughtered. Maybe you don't eat meat. You wonder if the cotton for your t-shirt was grown sustainably. You start using public transportation whenever possible, or maybe carpooling to work if you can't take the train.

More importantly, you start spreading these changes to your friends, little by little. For example, the wife and I are at that age when everyone we know is having a baby. So we've been sending out a lot of sustainably grown bamboo baby clothes.

Anyway, what I'd like you to do, reader, is take a moment today and think about your impact on the environment, and what you can do to minimize it. You don't have to sell your car immediately and start growing your own hemp for clothing, but once you get started, you'll be surprised at how easy it is to make some small changes. And try searching [Technorati](http://technorati.com/posts/tag/blog+action+day) for "Blog Action Day" and see what other blogs are saying today.
