---
layout: post.html
title: A magazine about Ubuntu
url: ch/603.html
tags: [Anti complaint,linux,nerd]
---
[Full Circle Magazine » Issue 4](http://www.fullcirclemagazine.org/issue-4/)

> Full Circle - the Ubuntu Community Magazine are proud to announce our fourth issue.

I know, I'm going to get more [user submitted complaints](http://submissions.complainthub.com) about rambling on about Ubuntu, but I'm more and more excited about Linux as a real alternative to Windows.  I've been thinking about trying to install it on my parents' computers because I can log in remotely and fix things for them.

I mean, my dad is running Windows 98 on his desktop.  As a computer dork, this is roughly the same as a dentist allowing his father to lose all his teeth due to cavities.

Anyway, Full Circle Magazine is accessible for the non-geek, although some of it will seem like a foreign language.  But I mention it more as a symbol of things to come - there was an article in the previous issue (That I actually haven't read, but the new issue mentions it) about someone installing Ubuntu on his grandmother's computer, and how happy she's been with it.  When people who didn't use a computer until well into adulthood start using and being happy with Linux, it's good for everyone.

Imagine you could go buy a computer, and they'd ask you, "Which operating system would you like?", and you could choose whatever you wanted.  There would be real choice, and real competition.  Right now, for the vast majority of people, you either buy a Mac or you run Windows.  But Ubuntu isn't far off.  And if Ubuntu succeeds at bringing Linux to the masses (And their deal with Dell is a huge step forward), then other distributions will follow.

Anyway, it's exciting.  At least, I'm excited.
