---
layout: post.html
title: Bye-bye, Duke
url: ch/452.html
tags: [Harvard Street]
---
My brother-in-law is in town for a job interview, so last night we went out get some dinner. He was craving a burger, so we went to [The Diner](http://www.washingtonian.com/restaurantreviews/309.html) in Adam's Morgan. I'd never been. I'd recommend it - the service was good, my burger was good, and they have Sierra Nevada on tap. Ten minute wait at 8pm on a rainy Thursday wasn't great, but it could have been worse.

What was great, though, was watching the end of the Duke-VCU game. I had been glancing at the score now and then throughout the second half. Like any normal person from the DC Metro area, I hate Duke. And so the highlight of the evening was definitely when VCU's Eric Maynor pulled up and hit a quick jumper from the foul line to put VCU up, 79-77, with 1.8 seconds left. Most of the restaurant yelled. The two girls sitting at the table in front of me, who probably didn't even know there was a TV in the place, let alone a tight game going down to the wire, jumped.

It was anti-climactic when Duke missed their desperation three to end the game. But it was still nice to watch.

Have I mentioned that I love living in the city? Now, when we have guests, we can walk 5-10 minutes and find all kinds of cool stuff. A walk like that from our old place left you in a little strip mall with an old Safeway and a Radio Shack. We can give them directions to [Sticky Fingers](http://www.stickyfingersbakery.com/index.php) rather than Dunkin' Donuts. They can hop on the Metro when they need to go somewhere instead of borrowing a car.

Actually, we don't need guests to do all that. But we have guests now (Well, technically we have A guest until his girlfriend arrives, and I think she's on the Flyer from Dulles to West Falls Church right now).
