---
layout: post.html
title: Green your pets, too
url: ch/451.html
tags: [Harvard Street]
---
[A Pet Cause Celebre](http://www.washingtonpost.com/wp-dyn/content/article/2007/03/14/AR2007031400573.html) link via my mom

> "They have never eaten meat in their whole lives," [Ward 1 Councilman Jim] Graham said. "They are about as green as you can be for white Westies."

Well, that's nice to know. Our Councilman buys additive-free food for his dogs from a local store. I still don't know much about him, which is probably something that should change. I imagine he'll be up for re-election at some point, and since I don't (yet) have a senator, I'll be desperate to get my voting fix.

And I think I might have to drag the wife down there to get some additive-free food for my crazy cat, too. Actually, dragging the wife probably isn't going to happen. It's pretty clear that it's MY cat, not OUR cat. 

Anyway, maybe they have something to keep the cat from being so weird. She is more active at 5:15AM for about half and hour than she is the entire rest of the day. Luckily she didn't adjust for Daylight Saving, and now she doesn't bother me as much because I'm usually awake. But this morning she was scratching at something for a while, and I couldn't quite bring myself to get out of bed and see what it was. I didn't see anything destroyed, so I guess it was something harder than her claws, but it's never good to hear your pets (Or children, I suppose, but I don't yet have children) making destructive noises.
