---
layout: post.html
title: Now Im a donor and an independent
url: ch/416.html
tags: [dc,Politics]
---
I got my [DC license today](http://columbiaheights.complainthub.com/articles/2007/05/02/dmv-in-southeast-not-so-bad). It was a pretty painless experience, contrary to what I'd heard about the DC DMV.

I had two choices to make that I had totally forgotten about. No, not whether or not to lie about my weight. I've been losing weight, and last I checked I was under 200 pounds, so I'm good with my real weight. The questions were my political party and whether or not I wanted to be a donor.

First, the donor question. I've never been one. It kinda creeps me out. I mean, I'm not so paranoid that I think the paramedics are going to let me die so some adorable little kid can have my liver. And I do, on some level, like the idea of saving some lives with my body parts after I don't really need them anymore.

But I also like to think of myself as solid all the way through. I don't like the idea of veins and organs and whatnot. Frankly, it makes me queasy. I nearly failed biology in high school because of it. Or maybe it was because I was lazy and bored in class. Whatever. The point here is that I don't like thinking about my organs or what's going to happen to them.

However, as I was filling out the form, I decided that my desire to help others outweighed my queasiness at checking "Yes" on the donor section. So I'm a donor now. I'll try and take care of my organs. Someone might need them one day.

I also decided to register to vote in DC as an independent. I know that means I can't vote in the primary, and that pains me a little. I know that I don't get to vote on a lot living here, and I shouldn't be voluntarily giving up opportunities. But I just couldn't bring myself to register with a party. I might change my mind if there's an important primary, but right now I can't do it.

I was a Democrat when I was little because my parents were. I had a Dukakis sticker on my lunchbox in middle school. I didn't really know what that meant. I know that one of the guys in my class who had Republican parents gave me a lot of crap about it. Then, in college, I was a Republican, probably because a bunch of my friends were, and it seemed like a good idea. I really do agree with a lot of the Republican ideals. Not that the current crop of Republicans demonstrates any of those ideals, but that's not the point.

The point is that I don't see either the Democrats or the Republicans working for the people. Their first responsibility is to the party, and I can't get behind that. Do people really go into politics thinking, "I really love the RNC. I'm going to dedicate my life to increasing their fundraising power"? I can't imagine they do, because I like to have a little more faith in human nature than that.

So I'm an independent and a donor.  I'm pretty happy with that.
