---
layout: post.html
title: My Country Tis of Corn
url: ch/685.html
tags: [complaint,health,Wind kissing]
---
So, the large, scary government agency that indirectly pays my salary is celebrating America Recycles Day today. That's a good thing. Raising recycling awareness is nearly always a positive thing. It's probably always positive, but I'm just being cautious here.

Anyway, to celebrate this, they "will be handing out biobased corn products and informational brochures".

I won't discuss the grammar of the sentence beyond being glad that I don't work for the public school system. Wait, I will. Do you think the informational brochures are biobased? I think they are. But do you think they are also corn products? The sentence construction leaves it open to interpretation. I love interpretation! It lets me berate you for disagreeing with me even if we're both right.

What I will discuss, however, is the use of corn. We eat corn. We eat corn in almost everything. Next time you're at the grocery store. Check the ingredients on everything you've purchased. You will likely be shocked at how many of the items contain corn in some form or another. A disturbingly high percentage will contain high fructose corn syrup. Most loaves of bread do (Not the good bread at Whole Foods and, to a lesser extent, Harris Teeter. And probably other stores, too, but those are the ones I usually go to. Anyway.).

We should just replace the stars on the flag with corn kernels. We could replace the stripes with ears. The 'Ol Corn and Corn, we could say. The Yellow, Yellow, and Yellow. It would be great.

In fact, let's replace everything with corn. Stop raising cattle and chickens! They just eat all our corn! We can grind corn into a pulp, add artificial flavors and colors, and voila! We have steak! Stop buying imported products! We can make everything we need out of corn! It's BIOBASED! That must be good because it has "bio" in the name!
