---
layout: post.html
title: Unfortunate name, interesting product
url: .html
tags: [technology,politics,interesting]
---
[Tobias Buckell Online | Blews](http://www.tobiasbuckell.com/2008/03/20/blews/)

> I’m quite intrigued, as I’m always trying tools that will blunt any attempt by myself to surround myself and read only people who think exactly like I do. I think of all the outraged liberals in ‘04 who thought there was no possible way Bush could win because they didn’t know of anyone who was going to vote for him. Or conservative friends who still think Bush has been the greatest president evar!

I keep hearing about this [Microsoft Blews](http://research.microsoft.com/projects/blews/blews.aspx) thing, and, as Buckell says, this could be the coolest thing Microsoft has ever done. I'd add "since Windows 3.1" to his statement, but whatever. I have mentioned before that I'd like a nice unbiased news source that leans in the direction of exactly none of the political parties. I've tried foreign publications, since they probably lean towards parties I've never heard of, and I figure that's better than ones I have heard of. But foreign news always seems to have this undercurrent of, "Oh, jeez, look what the Americans did now". Maybe that's just me - I do have a not-entirely-irrational fear that the entire world laughs at us all the time. Anyway, the one thing that I don't see anywhere is whether it's a website or a desktop application. If this is going after Google Reader or some other web-based news aggregator (My Firefox dictionary doesn't have "aggregator"?), then I think it could be very successful. However, if this is some desktop application (Windows only == fail), then I'm getting interested for nothing. Desktop applications are best suited for things that are too resource-intensive to be done in your browser. Consuming news articles through a desktop application is only a half-step above (shudder) reading a newspaper. 
