---
layout: post.html
title: Dell 1, Me 0
url: .html
tags: [complaint]
---
Dell Says: 

> Dear Valueless Customer, Because you selected "Pre-Sales/Sales Question" as your Issue Category when you submitted your inquiry, Dell's automated response system is sending you the following information on how to obtain product specific information. Dell does not currently offer e-mail support for pre-sales questions. However, there is a lot of information available on our web site and other contact alternatives. This document provides information on the subjects listed below in the table of contents.

My reply: 

> This is one of the least helpful emails I've ever received. It's really a shame that a company that built itself on fantastic customer support has stooped to automated messages such as this. If you don't offer email support for pre-sales questions, why in the world would your website direct me to email you? I hope you appreciate the absurdity of your position here. I don't need anyone to respond to me on this issue. I have resolved it myself. The only reason I'm at your site at all is because my employer uses Dell products, so my work computer will be a Dell. I have owned two Dell computers, but will never purchase another one for my own personal use due to your woefully inadequate customer service. 

And Dell again: 

> Thank you for contacting Dell. I apologize for the inconvenience caused to you and I understand that you wish to place an orderunder the existed account. I will provide you the information. As a Customer Care I am unable to provide you the information and I request you to contact our Sales department at 800-284-3355 and place an order. I once again apologize that I could not assist you. The case number for this interaction is [unimportant]. Please email me for any additional support and I would be happy to assist you further. Thank you for choosing Dell.
