---
layout: post.html
title: The media didnt predict for a week that Lazarus would return
url: ch/730.html
tags: [Politics]
---
[A Dramatic Second Act for the Senator From Arizona - washingtonpost.com](http://www.washingtonpost.com/wp-dyn/content/article/2008/01/08/AR2008010804117.html?nav=rss_email/components)

> Now even his supporters are wondering whether he can take his adrenaline-fueled campaign national, a transformation he could not make eight years ago.

Did someone very important in the world of mainstream news decree that everyone must use dumb words to describe McCain?  During the New Hampshire primaries, he was called "the Republican Obama", "Lazarus", "the Eschaton" (Although I think that one was tongue-in-cheek"), and probably a bunch of other stuff I didn't notice because his followers were too busy chanting "Mac is back!", which I 1)  found annoying and 2) kept hearing as "Yankees suck".

And now the article linked above called him an "insurgent".  Now, I don't know about the rest of you, but for me the word "insurgent" calls up images of IEDs and 12-year-old Iraqis with rocket launchers.  Is this a jibe at McCain from the Post?

And there can only be one "Comeback Kid" per election, and you can't start calling yourself that after only two states have officially voiced an opinion.  Hillary and McCain need to sit down and negotiate an agreement.  One of them can be the Comeback Kid.  Since Bill Clinton already had that nickname, I guess Hillary probably has the upper hand there, but the 71-year-old McCain can maybe play the irony card.

So, I'm disappointed that Hillary won.  I'm encouraged that Obama made another strong showing.  I'm encouraged that Huckabee was back in his rightful place with the second-tier candidates.  I think it's awesome that, for a long time, Gravel's vote count was below 100.  That would be cool if you were one of the dinks in New Hampshire who voted for him, where you could really see your vote mattering, right there on the CNN ticker.
