---
layout: post.html
title: I am literally floored by this stunning news flash
url: .html
tags: [politics,election 2008,stupid people]
---
[In Obama's New Message, Some Foes See Old Liberalism - washingtonpost.com](http://www.washingtonpost.com/wp-dyn/content/article/2008/03/25/AR2008032503082.html?nav=rss_email/components)

> But as Obama heads into the final presidential primaries, Sen. John McCain and other Republicans have already started to brand him a standard-order left-winger, "a down-the-line liberal," as McCain strategist Charles R. Black Jr. put it, in a long line of Democratic White House hopefuls.

OMG, I am totally in shock. The Washington Post is breaking the staggering, unforeseen, and totally unbelievable news that **Barack Obama is a liberal!** Tomorrow, they plan to announce that water is wet, the sky is blue, and George W. Bush is a miserable excuse for a President. Does this come as news to anyone? Really? And then the Clinton camp is jumping on the bandwagon and saying he's too liberal. That's like the Yankees complaining that the Red Sox spend too much money on player salaries. I can't speak for all of the Obama supporters, but I can speak for me. I am not supporting Obama because of where he falls on the liberal/conservative spectrum. I often don't agree with him on policy, especially fiscal policy, because I think he's too liberal. I support Obama because I like where he is on the reasonable/unreasonable spectrum. I like where he is on the trustworthy/untrustworthy spectrum. I like where he is on the "I can see this person as the leader of my country"/George W. Bush spectrum. I think Obama understands that his policy isn't always what's right for America, and that sometimes, you have to listen to the other side and make some major concessions. I think if you can't concede that there are times when liberal view is the right one, and times when the conservative view is the right one, then you aren't being honest with yourself. More than either of the other candidates, I think Obama understands this, too. When Obama is President, I believe he will push for policy that I think is a bad idea. He will probably implement some policy that I think is a bad idea. But that's okay. I think he will be a good President, and I certainly think he will be a better President than Clinton or McCain.
