---
layout: post.html
title: Giant's okay, but the customers are crazy
url: blog/giants-okay-customers-are-crazy.html
tags: [complaint,crazy people,harvardstreet,dc,Harvard Street]
---
There's been a big discussion over at the [Columbia Heights Forum](http://www.columbiaheightsnews.org/forum) about the relative merits of Giant vs Harris Teeter, the two major grocery stores serving Columbia Heights. I would argue that the Whole Foods on P does, too, but whatever. The argument boils down the fact that Giant is union, but the service is awful. Harris Teeter is not unionized, but they have shorter lines and friendlier staff. I won't really get into the argument, because I've had quite enough of it at the forum, but I thought I'd relate my experience at Giant this morning. I went out to get milk for coffee and a lemon for delicious lemon-cornmeal pancakes. I would have gone to Hi Market, except they often don't have fat-free milk, and I didn't have any cash. So I walked to Giant. It wasn't terribly crowded, although another checkout lane might have been nice. Still, at 9AM Saturday, it was acceptable. And I moved through the line pretty quickly. The cashier was pleasant if not outgoing. The problem I had was with another customer. I passed her on my way to the milk, and she was talking to someone, and while I didn't hear what they were saying, the dynamic of the conversation seemed strange. It appeared that the guy she was talking to didn't really want to be talking to her, but was too polite to walk away. I didn't think much of it. I grabbed the milk and turned around to pass her again. I was walking on the wrong side of the aisle, as that's where the milk is, and she was coming towards me with her cart in the middle of the aisle. She actually jerked her cart abruptly to the side so she was coming straight for me! "Excuse me," she said sweetly. Excuse you? You intentionally moved across the aisle to try and run me down with your cart! I have an injured foot! Well, it's not all that injured any more, but I still can't wear a regular shoe because my foot swells during the day. But it hampers my mobility. So, everyone employed by Giant was just fine this morning, but I could do without the crazy customers.
