---
layout: post.html
title: Youre missing the point
url: ch/731.html
tags: [complaint,Politics]
---
[Ron Paul 90s newsletters rant against blacks, gays - CNN.com](http://www.cnn.com/2008/POLITICS/01/10/paul.newsletters/index.html?eref=rss_topstories)

> A series of newsletters in the name of GOP presidential hopeful Ron Paul contain several racist remarks -- including one that says order was restored to Los Angeles after the 1992 riots when blacks went "to pick up their welfare checks."

I read enough of the article to see that Paul denies writing this stuff.  I'm not sure I believe him, but whatever.  This doesn't change his chances of winning - he never had a chance of winning.  But this really hurts everyone.  We need a legitimate third party candidate to remind everyone that it doesn't have to be a choice between a Democrat and a Republican, that not everyone falls neatly into one of these two parties.

I'm really disappointed that Paul is turning out to be even crazier than everyone thought.  He'd done a great job of generating buzz and support as a guy who isn't really a Republican, regardless of where he's running.  But now he's a racist, anti-semitic homophobe, and he's probably undone a lot of the good he did.

I wasn't going to vote for him.  But I was pulling for him to have a good showing to pave the way for others down the road.  This could have been a fantastic election - the first African-American candidate with a chance, the first woman with a chance, and the first non-Democrat/Republican in some years to get a non-trivial amount of votes.  And we still have the first two.  Even if Obama and Hillary both lose, it will be easier for the next candidate who isn't a white male, and that's good for the country.

As I told a friend, we had Perot, and then Paul.  We've had some others who aren't even as viable as those two clown.  Maybe by 2025 or so, we can get a third party candidate who is actually electable.
