---
layout: post.html
title: Like a poison dart frog, it's there to warn you away
url: blog/like-a-poison-dart-frog-its-there-warn-you-away.html
tags: [dc,harvardstreet,stupid people,nature]
---
The telltale signs will vary - a popped collar, big aviator glasses, whatever the well-dressed DC bar junkie with too much disposable income is using to woo unsuspecting (read: drunk) young women in Georgetown or Dupont - but it's never too hard to pick out the douchebags. I know, that's not a really nice word, but I can't think of anything with a connotation that more closely matches the type of person I'm describing. Anyway, a few weeks back, a guy got on the 16th Street bus (At U St, big surprise) wearing jeans, an untucked button-down shirt, and aviator glasses. My first thought was, "Why do you wear those ridiculous glasses?". I know it shouldn't bother me, but it did - I was annoyed that he looked like an idiot. But then I thought a little more. This guy is actually doing me a favor. There is no chance I want to talk to the guy. They say you can't judge a book by its cover, but I judged this guy, and I know I was right. His glasses, though, are a big warning sign. If he looked like a normal guy who didn't spend an hour getting ready to go out, I might not know he was a douchebag without talking to him. I might actually waste thirty seconds talking to a guy I would most certainly want to punch. The poison dart frogs use their bright colors to warn away predators, screaming, "I'm poisonous! Don't eat me!". This guy uses his glasses to yell, "I'm annoying! Ignore me!". This is really an important milestone in the evolution of the human race. In fact, if we wait another few generations, we may all self-identify ourselves so accurately that I will never have to talk to another useless person again. It will be easier when we all have location-aware social networking mobile computer/phones and you can check the Facebook profile of the person next to you on the bus. So, next time I see one of these guys, I won't be so annoyed. In fact, I might even thank him for warning me. 
