---
layout: post.html
title: I cant believe they said that
url: ch/757.html
tags: [Internet]
---
[Techdirt: Yahoo Now Thinks AOL Will Be A Savior?](http://techdirt.com/articles/20080211/015628216.shtml)

> Then, late Sunday a new rumor arose: Yahoo! might try to keep Microsoft away by merging with AOL. That seems sort of like trying to keep a wild animal from eating you by covering yourself with feces. It might make awful sense for about a second, but it's just a bad, bad idea. First, it's unlikely to work -- and, second, it's just pathetic.

I don't think I've ever laughed so much at an article on Techdirt.  Comparing a merger with AOL to covering yourself in feces?  Do they have a new intern writing articles?  Wow.

Don't get me wrong, I think it's a great analogy, and really funny, but totally not what I expect from Techdirt.

I don't really care what happens to Yahoo.  My only request is that they make sure that someone with a soul gets control of [Flickr](http://www.flickr.com).  That is the only part of Yahoo that I care at all about.  When Yahoo bought them, I was afraid that Flickr would be ruined, but Yahoo has pretty much left the site alone.  There is a really good community there (Slightly obsessed with half-naked women, but isn't that why most people pick up a camera anyway?), and it's one of the only things online where I actually pay for the "pro" version.

Anyway, I hope Yahoo finds a buyer and everything works out.  I doubt they'll ever catch Google, but they can at least keep nipping at Google's heels, keep them from getting soft (And putting out a product like Windows Vista).
