---
layout: post.html
title: ITS A REPUBLICAN CONSPIRACY!!!
url: ch/760.html
tags: [complaint,dc,Pretend Conspiracy]
---
They didn't open my polling place on time! They know that DC is mostly Democrats, and they're trying to steal the election again!

I'm just kidding. The polling place at 14th and Columbia NW was just slow to open the doors this morning, and the wife and I decided to come back later. It's not like they knew this date was coming. I can understand how they might forget that there was an election this year and not get the polling place set up in time. As they say, never attribute to malice that which can adequately be explained by stupidity. Or, in this case, ill-preparedness.

Someone actually came out at 7:10 to put a sign on the door identifying the building as a polling place, and as of the time we left, the doors were still locked - you had to get someone inside to let you in. Not a problem when the polls are late to open and the line is bunching up around the door to escape the cold, but it could be a pain later.

There was one lonely guy outside with a "Demand the Vote" sign. As I've said, while I would like a congressional representative or two, I feel that I can't complain too much about DC's lack of representation - I knew full well what I was getting into when I moved here.

Update - a neighbor reports on the [Columbia Heights neighborhood forum](http://www.columbiaheightsnews.org/forum/) that my polling place was running smoothly at 8:15. So I should have no trouble voting when I get home.
