---
layout: post.html
title: Blackberries are the devil
url: blog/blackberries-are-devil.html
tags: [complaint,technology,gadgets,the devil]
---
> Sonda lik wrong file FRM svn Sent from my Verizon Wireless BlackBerry

That's an email I got from my boss this afternoon. I probably didn't have to put that second line there - you knew it was from a Blackberry as soon as you read the first line. Now, I'm not bashing my boss. He's a good guy, and I actually do know what he means by that. His spelling isn't that great even when he's got a full size keyboard. And it actually did answer the question I asked. I know everyone bashes the Blackberry. I do, too, although I also really want one. And they can be used for good - I borrowed a friend's at a bar once to make sure I didn't have a job interview the next day. That was before I got my current job. Anyway, the problem is that people are lazy. I've always found it, not amusing, but _interesting_ that my mom uses complete sentences, proper capitalization, and proper punctuation in ALL instant messages. No one does that. Well, maybe your mom does, I don't know. I don't have her on my buddy list. But Blackberries are like the opposite of my mom. Because you're "on the go", you can't spend thirty seconds actually typing out a sentence. It doesn't take that long. So, next time you send an email, Blackberry or otherwise, take a moment to think. Are you responding to the email, or just making a written record of having received it? If you're not responding, then don't bother.
