---
layout: post.html
title: Dear Dan Snyder
url: ch/741.html
tags: [complaint,sports]
---
[ESPN - Zorn top candidate as O coordinator but no Fassel deal yet - NFL](http://sports.espn.go.com/nfl/news/story?id=3210819)

> Snyder may take a few days to consider his options. If he decides not to wait until after the Super Bowl to expand his list of candidates, the job could very well go to Fassel, who compiled a 60-56-1 record in seven seasons as the Giants' head coach (1997-2003), and who led the club to a Super Bowl XXXV appearance. Fassel, who most recently served as the Baltimore Ravens offensive coordinator before being dismissed from that job midway through the 2006 season, was also a head coach candidate in Washington in 2004 before Snyder coaxed Gibbs out of retirement.

Please don't hire Jim Fassel to coach the Redskins.  I've gone on record time and again as saying that I don't want failed head coach Gregg Williams to be our head coach, but he would be infinitely preferable to Fassel.  Williams actually seems to be getting the hang of this whole "defensive playcalling" thing lately.  He hasn't been big-blitzing on third down and getting burned so much.  The Redskins don't miss tackles like they did a few years ago.  It's taken him a while, but the defense has actually looked pretty good lately.  Which would be a dumb time to change coordinators.

However, I would greatly prefer him to a guy who may have taken the Giants to a Super Bowl (In which they were blown out), but barely compiled a record above .500, and apparently totally lost control of his team in the season before the Giants fired him.

Why would you want that guy to coach your team?  If he had a long and illustrious career, and one really bad season that led to his firing, I'd say go ahead and give him another chance.  But that is clearly not the case with Fassel.  Let some other team give him his second shot.  He'll fail there, and Snyder will save a few million dollars.

I don't understand why NFL teams keep going back to coaches who fail.  If a guy is merely average at his job, and then does such a bad job one year that everyone around him hates him, why in the world would you hire him to do the same thing for you?  The Ravens had the right idea when they hired him at a lower level (Offensive coordinator), but then they fired him, too, because he wasn't very good at that, either.  At this point, I would consider hiring him to fetch coffee for the real head coach, but that's about it.

Now, I know that it's really hard to be a Ravens offensive coordinator - they've never had a quarterback in the history of the franchise.  But when your entire job is to make the offense better, and you can't do it, you should not be getting promoted.

Anyway, I hope we get someone else.  Someone who doesn't have such a track record of failure would be great.  And I don't much care for bringing in anyone from the Seahawks to coach our offense.  Although I suppose that anyone who can get a winning offense out of Hasslesuck probably knows a little bit about football.
