---
layout: post.html
title: Inhabitat is fired
url: ch/729.html
tags: [complaint,Wind kissing]
---
I don't know how many of you read [inhabitat.com](http://www.inhabitat.com). I'd been reading for a while now, and have just removed them from my RSS reader. You're probably familiar with the One Laptop Per Child initiative, which aims to provide laptops for children in developing countries. You can argue about whether or not this will do any good, or about the motivations of the founders, or whatever. But you can't call it the "$100 laptop", which is what they were originally calling it. It doesn't cost $100. It's at least twice that, and a website calling it the $100 laptop is irresponsible and misleading.

So, when Inhabitat did that for the umpteenth time, I left a comment expressing my displeasure. It was strongly worded, but no profanity. It was, I thought, an entirely reasonable criticism. Well, whoever moderates the comments there apparently believes in censorship rather than actually defending a position.

I have never deleted a comment here based on the content.  All I've ever deleted was spam.  Not to say I wouldn't delete a comment if it were sufficiently offensive, but if I were going to delete comments of everyone who disagreed with me, I might as well just stop allowing comments.  Or stop blogging altogether.

So, does anyone know any good wind-kissing hippie blogs?  I stopped reading Treehugger because they just aren't very good.  So I'm left with almost nothing.  I can only deal with a pretty small amount of Al Gore worship in my hippie blogs, so keep that in mind.
