---
layout: post.html
title: DDOT doesn't answer my question
url: .html
tags: []
---
An unacceptable response from DDOT: 

> There are 5 “Emergency No Parking” signs posted in 1400 block of Harvard Street, NW. The developers Eagle Bank have a valid permit that is valid until May 20, 2008. They will be taking up 5-feet on the north and south side of Harvard Street.

And another email in the chain, ostensibly from me but composed by the wife: 

> Thank you for getting back to me, but your reply is not responsive to my initial request. My concern was whether there is any oversight in doling out the "Emergency No Parking" signs. The signs were initially posted on May 6 (when I emailed originally), with an effective date of May 6. There should be a 72-hour notice period for residents, which means the signs should not have been effective until at least May 9. (I understand that they're effective now, but that is because it took you a week to tell me that there were no parking signs on my street). That was my concern - not whether they contractors will have five-feet of space reserved on both the north and south side of Harvard, which incidentally is not what they have "reserved". They have secured at least four car lengths on both sides of the street - which unless you're driving a really small car far exceeds five feet. Your "response" therefore begs a further question - in addition to who is overseeing the proper posting of the "Emergency No Parking" signs, does anyone actually oversee whether those with a valid permit are using their permit validly? Forgive me if this sounds a little snippy - but we have been dealing with restricted parking on our street for over a year now with dumpsters and other "Emergency No Parking" signs and it is frustrating that no one seems to give a thought to those of us who live and park on that street. Just to be clear on what my request is - could you please let me know about any oversight that is in place and with whom I can raise any future issues regarding timely "Emergency No Parking" notifications or other concerns over similar parking restrictions on my street?
