---
layout: post.html
title: Coffee shop with fringe benefits
url: blog/coffee-shop-with-fringe-benefits.html
tags: [restaurant,parenting,harvardstreet,dc,anti-complaint]
---
The wife and I took the kid out for her morning walk this morning and decided to stop in at Pan Lourdes, the new-ish coffee shop/bakery on 14th Street just north of Columbia Heights Target. It was great - they have a big refrigerator that makes a lot of noise and even vibrates the floor just a little bit. The kid slept like a rock in her stroller. She stirred a little bit when it cut off, but then went back to sleep. The coffee is nothing to write home about, but the baked goods are pretty awesome. I think they all come from the big bakery on 11th Street near Wonderland, but I'm not sure. It's funny - I imagine someone from Central America would recognize most of the baked goods, but I sure didn't. I mean, if I go into a Dunkin Donuts or something, I recognize what most of the things are without needing a sign. Maybe I can't tell the difference between raisins and blueberries from across the counter, but at least I'd be close. At Pan Lourdes, nothing looks familiar. And they have nothing labeled. I suppose I could have asked the guy behind the counter, but that's not as adventurous. I had something with a stripe of red frosting, and the wife had something with lemon. Both were good. We'll definitely go back, for the fridge if nothing else. Everything is really cheap, too - four dollars and change for two pastries and two coffees.
