---
layout: post.html
title: IE sucks.  Why are you still using it?
url: ch/91.html
tags: [complaint,nerd]
---
[IE 7.0 Technical Changes Leave Web Developers, Users in the Lurch](http://www.windowsitpro.com/Articles/Index.cfm?ArticleID=47208&DisplayTab=WinInfo&ID=13)

Paul Thurrott at WindowsITPro.com says (Link via [Slashdot](http://slashdot.org)): 

> My advice is simple: Boycott IE. It's a cancer on the Web that must be stopped. IE isn't secure and isn't standards-compliant, which makes it unworkable both for end users and Web content creators. Because of their user bases, however, Web developers are hamstrung into developing for IE at the expense of established standards that work well in all other browsers. You can turn the tide by demanding more from Microsoft and by using a better alternative Web browser. I recommend and use Mozilla Firefox, but Apple Safari (Macintosh only) and Opera 8 are both worth considering as well.

I've been using [Firefox](http://www.getfirefox.com) for a while now, and the only reason I still have IE is that it's too much trouble (If not impossible) to get rid of it on my Windows box. Firefox includes, and has included, many of the features that are new for IE7, Microsoft's new version of Internet Explorer that's still in Beta. Microsoft likes to crow about their new tabbed browsing feature, which has been available in Firefox and whatever Apple's browser is for a while.

Another major flaw with IE is the release cycle. Firefox updates all the time. When someone finds a security flaw, they fix it. If it's serious, they force you to upgrade. And they respond quickly. Microsoft has never been quick to fix security flaws. By the time they get around to patching something, your computer has been open to who knows what for an unacceptable amount of time.

And then there's the point of the article I linked - Microsoft isn't standards-compliant. They use their dominant (though shrinking) market share to do whatever they want. There are standards for building web pages that are independant of whatever it is that the browser manufacturers want, and Microsoft, more than other browsers, ignores these standards.

If you're using IE right now, I want you to go get a real browser. Firefox, Safari, Opera, all of these are much better options. IE is bad for your computer, and bad for the internet.
