---
layout: post.html
title: Shouldnt that be automatic?
url: ch/218.html
tags: [Politics,complaint]
---
[Project Vote Smart - Virginia Election Ballot Measures](http://www.vote-smart.org/election_ballot_measures_detail.php?ballot_id=M000001484)

> The proposed amendment would delete the provision found to be unconstitutional.

There are three measures on the Virginia ballot this year.  One of them is the ridiculously far-reaching gay marriage ban that I've mentioned.  I can't imagine anyone who reads past the "ban gay marriage" part will vote for it.  If your knee-jerk reaction is "I must vote against gay marriage", you might support it, but you'd be making a mistake.  I'm not going to argue why I support gay marriage, I will just say that this particular ban is similar to destroying a thirty story office building because you didn't like the color of the eighth-floor bathroom. Measure two simply removes a section that has been found unconstitutional.  It changes no law - the law has already been changed.  Why we have to vote on this, I don't know. Measure three would expand permissible tax relief for "new structures and improvements located in a conservation, redevelopment, or rehabilitation area".  I'm not sure I like that.  On one hand, it seems to allow tax breaks for someone who might want to rehabilitate an old house, or perhaps put in a new retaining wall to protect a stream.  These things seem fine with me.  But wouldn't this also open the door for tax breaks if someone wants to buy a little house in an old neighborhood and tear it down to put up a [McMansion](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mcmansion)?  It seems like it, again, is too broad.  I might be missing the point, but my initial reaction is that the potential benefits are less than the potential abuse.  If someone wants to correct me, please do.
