---
layout: post.html
title: I think I need to re-read Fahrenheit 451
url: ch/158.html
tags: [Stupid people]
---
[Boing Boing: Man demands that book about book-burning be banned -- during Banned Books Week](http://www.boingboing.net/2006/10/04/man_demands_that_boo.html)

> "It's just all kinds of filth," said Alton Verm, adding that he had not read Fahrenheit 451.

This, kids, it's what's called "lazy-ass blogging", where you not only get a story from another (better known) blog, but you even steal the quote they highlight.  I'm not even quoting BoingBoing, I'm quoting the quote they quoted.  Awesome.

I read the book years ago, and I don't remember liking it all that much.  I think I might have been too young.  It was certainly in high school, and maybe early high school.  So I think I should try it again.  I'm prettys sure my mom, seeing that I was reading just about anything you put in front of me, bought me copies of _1984_, _Animal Farm_, _Brave New World_, and _Fahrenheit 451_ at the same time.  If you have not read these books, I want you to go RIGHT NOW to the library, the bookstore, Amazon, or wherever you get your literature, and get these books.  Read them.  If you have children over 14, they should be reading them, too.

In fact, you should read them together.  You don't have to read aloud, you can both have your own copy, but read and talk about them with your kids. Or you read them first, if you're afraid some parts are inappropriate for your kids.  That way you can be prepared when your kids ask you about those parts.
