---
layout: post.html
title: All about Enviga
url: ch/205.html
tags: [health,Food]
---
Well, I didn't get a chance to complete my testing of Enviga over the weekend because our trip home from NYC took six hours instead of four because of traffic in New Jersey and Delaware. But the wife and I did taste two of the three flavors.

**Berry:**

It's okay. I didn't notice the aspartame right away, but it definitely hits you in the aftertaste. Some people may be okay with this, but I'm not. I know there's a lot of [controversy surrounding aspartame](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Aspartame_controversy), and they haven't proven convincingly that it's bad for you, but I still try to avoid it. The wife said, "It tastes like those carbonated juices that we drank instead of champagne when we were kids" after she tried it. That doesn't sound like a glowing endorsement to me, but you can draw your own conclusions.

**Peach: **

Wife's reaction was, "I would drink these. But, I like carbonation." She will occasionally drink carbonated water (Without mixing it with gin or vodka!), so I'm not sure how much stock we can put in her mild approval. I don't think the peach is much different from the berry.

Overall, I'm disappointed that they weren't awful. I was hoping to be able to spew fire and brimstone here as my heart raced from the caffeine and concentrated tea extract. Enviga contains "seven times as much EGCG as the leading sweetened green tea". By the way, Enviga is the top paid Google result when you search for EGCG. Coke is really marketing this pretty hard. Anyway, EGCG actually seems to be good for you - it's an antioxidant, and because it occurs naturally in green tea, we've had plenty of time to study the effects. Whether it's really good for you to have that much of it in a 12 ounce can of tea, I don't know. I have to say that I don't think that cramming more of it into the same volume of tea is really a good idea, but that's totally a guess, with no scientific support. It could be really good for you to inject concentrated green tea right into your veins. Coke has this to say about Enviga: 

> Engiva is not designed for rapid weight loss. Enviga is a choice - like taking the stairs - that can contribute to consumers' overall goals for a healthier lifestyle.

In response to that, I say that actually taking the stairs is a much, much better choice.
