---
layout: post.html
title: What about Jamie Foxx?
url: ch/118.html
tags: [complaint,American Football]
---
[NFL.com - Minnesota at Washington Game Recap](http://www.nfl.com/gamecenter/recap/NFL_20060911_MIN@WAS) Big things are expected of the Redskins this year, a confidence reflected in an attendance of 90,608 that set a new record for the largest stadium in the NFL. Even Hollywood made an appearance: Actors Tom Cruise and Katie Holmes were guests of owner Dan Snyder, who has recently entered into a partnership with Cruise's production company.

Okay, let's focus on the total whack job who hasn't made a good movie in years instead of the recent Academy Award winner who visited the booth to, sort of, hang out with the fans.  I didn't like _Ray_, although I thought Jamie Foxx did a great job.  I liked Tom Cruise a lot in _Top Gun_ and in _Top Gun II (on the ground) - Days of Thunder_.  But that was before he took the path of Michael Jackson and Mel Gibson and forgot that he lived on Planet Earth with the rest of us.

It is nice that 90,000 fans showed up for the game.  Not so nice that our brand new offensive genius decided that the screen pass to Santana Moss needed to be run three times.  I wish Moss would stop breaking those for 15-20 yard gains so they'd realize that it's really a terrible, terrible play.  If it works, and he makes 6 guys miss, he gains 20 yards.  If it doesn't work, best case scenario is he loses five yards.  Worst case is it's picked off, which is an almost guaranteed touchdown for the other team because there's no one back there to catch the guy.

We still can't run the ball, and Portis seemed pretty healthy.  If he wasn't, Ladell Betts is a perfectly adequate backup.  The game was close from beginning to end, so there's absolutely no excuse for running the ball only 18 times.

Anyway, it was a pretty disappointing game.  And I lost my fantasy football game, as well.  And our flag football game.  Everything football-related for me this past weekend was bad.  At least Virginia Tech won, but that was pretty much a given.
