---
layout: post.html
title: Why arent we talking about sending him to jail?
url: ch/154.html
tags: [complaint,Stupid people]
---
[CNN.com - Attorney: Clergyman molested Foley as teen - Oct 3, 2006](http://www.cnn.com/2006/POLITICS/10/03/foley.scandal/)

You know, even if Mark Foley's lawyer is telling the truth, and Foley was both molested as a child and never actually had any sort of sex with any underage boys, Foley still needs to go to jail. Unless he can prove, beyond a shadow of a doubt, that every single time he said or did anything innapropriate to or with an underage boy, he was completely trashed. Then I'm okay with alcohol treatment.

Where are the Florida police? Shouldn't someone have arrested him by now for soliciting sex from a minor or something like that? You can't tell me that they haven't already published enough to get a warrant and arrest him. Are we not arresting him because he's in alcohol treatment? If I go rob a bank and then join AA, is that cool with everyone?

We seem to be focusing a lot on Hastert, and whether or not he should resign. I mean, there was an article at the [National Review Online](http://article.nationalreview.com/?q=M2U3ZDc2MDAzOThjOWVjNjAxMzE4MzA0YTc0MDU4NGY=) calling for him to resign. He probably should. At the very least, he wasn't paying enought attention.

But that's really not the point.  The point is that Mark Foley broke the law, and he needs to be prosecuted.  He probably needs some help, too.  His lawyer seems to want to dismiss this by saying that Foley's gay.  That's fine, but there's a huge difference between "Foley is gay" and "Foley tries to have sex with teenage boys".
