---
layout: post.html
title: Pre-Vegas timeline of incompetence and sorrow
url: ch/66.html
tags: [Personal,complaint]
---
Thursday 1:00PM - Leave work, giddy with anticipation 3:30PM - Leave home, Sam in tow, to pick up Evan 3:36PM - Return home to feed cat so fiancée can go to happy hour 4:00PM - Arrive at Mike's office to carpool to airport 4:11PM - Arrive at [Dulles Airport](http://www.metwashairports.com/Dulles/) 4:30PM - Check in, breeze through security 4:32PM - Realize that our flight is delayed. 4:45PM - Realize that we will now miss our connection in Dallas 5:30PM - Find out there are no more flights from Dallas to Vegas 6:03PM - Leave airport, new boarding passes for Friday morning in hand 6:15PM - Arrive at restaurant to drown our sorrows 6:30PM - Very nice waitress tells us "dead baby" jokes to try and raise our spirits 7:00PM - Our spirits slightly raised, we go our separate ways. 8:00PM - Join fiance at happy hour Friday 1:30AM - Leave bar, fiance convinces cab driver to go through Wendy's drive through 2:15AM - Arrive home to sleep 4:45AM - Alarm goes off, time to do it again 4:46AM - Unbeknownst to me, receive a call at work from American notifying me that my flight is delayed 4:49AM - Evan gets the same call from American. 5:30AM - Arrive at Mike's office again, break the news that we have a new flight, but it's out of National Airport. 6:03AM - Arrive at [National Airport](http://www.metwashairports.com/reagan) for a 7:17 flight 6:10AM - Begin horror of checking in for an America West flight bought with an American Airlines ticket 6:10-7:14AM - Made three runs back and forth between counters, cutting in line and getting yelled at each time (Thanks, Evan) 7:14AM - End horror of checking in for an America West flight bought with an American Airlines ticket and proceed to security 7:19AM - exit security, thirty yards from our gate, only to find that the plane that was supposed to be waiting for us has just pulled away. 7:20AM - Gnashing of teeth, screams of anguish, various cursing 7:22AM - Return to American counter, beaten and depressed. Get booked on Continental flight at 11 8:00AM - Mike throws in the towel. 8:15AM - Nutritious breakfast at Cinnebon accompanied by really bad coffee 9:45AM - Mike leaves the airport, refund in hand. Evan, Sam, and I head to security. 10:00AM - Evan, Sam, and I, one right after the other, are selected for "random" expanded security screenings 10:02AM - Very pleasant gay man gives me a wanding and a pat down 10:15AM - Arrive at our new gate 10:15:02AM - Sit down at airport bar for beer, screwdrivers 10:30AM - Realize our flight is delayed again, and we'll miss our connection 10:31AM - Wonderful Continental agent gets us on another flight which has already boarded 10:34AM - Surprised flight attendant finds us some empty seats seconds before the doors close 12:00PM - Arrive in Cleveland, slightly surprised Continental agent prints our boarding passes since the first agent had kept them 2:30PM - Arrive in Vegas, start drinking heavily. It sure is nice when [your boy](http://www.gmoore.net/) has $12 margaritas waiting for you at the pool bar.
