---
layout: post.html
title: Response from Delegate Scott
url: ch/210.html
tags: [complaint,Cars]
---
You can see the response I got to my letter about Seven Corners [here](http://www.complainthub.com/angryletters/sevencornersscott.html).  The relevant quote is this: 

> The main reason we in No.Va. suffer from inadequate transportation solutions is that we have not increased revenues in 20 years. Again this year, many of us in NoVA tried to obtain support for new sources of funding, but we had little support from House members from other parts of the state.

This sounds to me like a plea from Democrat to support a tax hike.  Now, maybe that's not being fair, but doesn't that sound to you like a plea for a tax hike?

But I'm not buying it.  If you can't increase revenue without raising taxes when the population explodes (I don't know what the population was in 1986, but it sure wasn't what it is now), then it's not the fault of House members in the rest of the state (Republican, probably, since NOVA is the only Democratic part of the <strike>state </strike>commonwealth).  It's the fault of those who write up the budget.  I understand that increased population means increased costs, but it also means increased revenue. And seriously, how much does it cost to put up a sign?  I honk at someone almost every day at that intersection because they cut me off from the wrong lane.  Do you think they'd put up a sign if I offered to pay for it?  That's probably illegal.  Maybe I'll ask Jim Scott.
