---
layout: post.html
title: Oh, thats encouraging
url: ch/138.html
tags: [complaint,uninformed ramblings]
---
[TIME.com: Why The Democratic Wave Could Be A Washout -- Oct. 2, 2006 -- Page 1](http://www.time.com/time/magazine/article/0,9171,1538650,00.html)

> Ken Mehlman, chairman of the Republican National Committee, says the opposition hasn't sold a vision for handling terrorism, Iraq or jobs. He also cites a drop-off in turnout for most Democratic primaries this year as one sign that the Dems aren't strong enough to mount a takeover of power on Capitol Hill.

This article is a little short on content, but it speaks to what I can't figure out about the Democratic party. People are abolutely livid about the way things are going with our Republican-led government. All the Democrats have to do is say, "Hi, we're not Republicans, and we have a plan." And then demonstrate with a few talking points that they might, in fact, actually have a plan. That's all they have to do to win just about every contested election in the country.

But they can't seem to do that. I haven't seen a poll anywhere that suggests the Democrats are going to win any big battles. It's disgraceful. Democrats, this is why Republicans make fun of you. You've been handed half the elections in the country on a silver platter, and you've done nothing at all.

I've said it before - if the Democrats don't take the Presidency and a strong majority in Congress, the party should be disbanded for absolute and utter incompetence.
