---
layout: post.html
title: Ive always wanted to do this
url: ch/268.html
tags: [Politics]
---
[In Following His Own Script, Webb May Test Senate's Limits - washingtonpost.com](http://www.washingtonpost.com/wp-dyn/content/article/2006/11/28/AR2006112801582.html?nav=rss_email/components)

> "How's your boy?" Bush asked, referring to Webb's son, a Marine serving in Iraq."I'd like to get them out of Iraq, Mr. President," Webb responded, echoing a campaign theme.
> 
> "That's not what I asked you," Bush said. "How's your boy?"
> 
> "That's between me and my boy, Mr. President," Webb said coldly, ending the conversation on the State Floor of the East Wing of the White House.

This is an exchange between new VA Senator Jim Webb and our intrepid leader. I've always wanted to be a total dick to the President, although I realize that it's kind of childish.

I hope Webb takes a bit of this fire and desire for change and actually does something constructive with it. Going to a White House reception, avoiding the President, then being rude to him when he seeks you out is a little counterproductive, I think. Like it or not, Bush is going to hang around for another two years, and anything that happens is going to involve him. Being rude to him in public will probably endear you to <strike>the loons at Daily Kos and whatnot</strike> various liberal whackos, but it's not exactly advancing the cause.

Edit: I realized after I posted this that it's a little hypocritical to call Jim Webb childish, then take cheap shots at Daily Kos. So, I apologize to the Daily Kos and the surrounding community.
