---
layout: post.html
title: Am I really a liberal?
url: ch/23.html
tags: [uninformed ramblings]
---
I've realized lately that most of what I read online has a pretty liberal slant to it.  I think this is a problem, because I really do want a balanced viewpoint.  And I've always thought that I agreed with a lot of conservative viewpoints - small government, low taxes, take care of the economy and it'll take care of the rest . . .

So I've gone looking for some conservative websites so I could read some stuff from the intelligent conservatives.  I know they're out there, although clowns like Bill Frist and Ann Coulter seem to be pushing the good ones into the background.

I tried the [National Review](http://www.nationalreview.com/).  Wow.  I managed to read one article, which spoke of the Supreme Court decision that said that even captured terrorists have rights, and that was about all I could handle.  The biggest problem was the blind support of our President.

For a little background - I turned 18 in 1996 and I voted for Bill Clinton, flush with pride at taking part in the democratic process.  I didn't really like Clinton by the end of his term - Hillary gives me the creeps, and if you're going to get caught cheating, you should at least make the rest of us jealous.  I voted for George W. Bush in 2000, mostly I think because Al Gore didn't really seem to ever say anything.  After four years of Bush, I started to think that Clinton wasn't all that bad.  I voted for John Kerry in 2004, not because I like Kerry (I voted for Dean in the primary - at least he seemed to give a crap), but because I was embarassed to have a president who seemed to want to turn the world into a Christian theocracy when no one was paying attention.

Anyway, back to the National Review.  Or actually, not to the National Review.  I'll try another article or two, but I think I'm done with them.  Where are the Republicans who say, "Whoa, these lunatics in power don't speak for us."?  Where are the Republicans who say, "You can't use 9/11 as an excuse to declare war and then expand the office of the President in the name of national security"?  I need to find them.  I think we'd get along.
