---
layout: post.html
title: Gutsy or Bust
url: ch/651.html
tags: [complaint,linux,Ubuntu]
---
So, I'm going to install [Ubuntu](http://www.ubuntu.com) 7.10, Gutsy Gibbon. It's going to be awesome. You may have already seen my [guide to getting 7.04 onto a Lenovo Thinkpad T61](?page_id=598). Well, this time I'm doing things a little differently. First, I'm going to try the Live CD install rather than the alternate install, because I just have faith that it's going to work. Then, I'm completely blowing away Windows. Vista is stupid, and I haven't missed it since I got the Thinkpad. Which is good, because I broke it installing 7.04.

Anyway, I'm going to install a second partition for my /home folder, which lots of people say you should do. And everything is going to be awesome. I just know it.

First of all, though, let me complain about downloading the stupid ISO. I tried it yesterday, release day. After two hours, I was at 2%. I killed it, and tried again later. No dice. I even tried wget from the command line, thinking that maybe without whatever overhead Firefox introduces to the process, it might be better. No dice. So I tried again today. My ever-helpful brother-in-law (I should probably write down the euphemisms I use for my various brothers-in-law so I can keep them straight, but whatever) suggested that I might have better luck with BitTorrent. That seemed like a good idea, since a huge number of users slows a download but speeds up a torrent.

No dice again. Why? Because Satan's ISP (Comcast) has decided that P2P=BAD for all values of P2P. Never mind that what I'm doing is downloading totally free software and saving them bandwidth at the same time. I mean, I won't get into illegal downloading and all that. But what I'm trying to do is TOTALLY LEGAL and encouraged by the creator of the intellectual property or whatever we call software these days. But Comcast can't allow it, because some people use P2P for illegal things. Up yours, Comcast. If it wasn't for your dirty monopoly on cable internet here, I would have cancelled your service today.

Anyway, my laptop is currently sitting two feet from the router, plugged in by wire, because my wireless is being finicky and I don't have any long ethernet cables anymore. It's maybe 1/3 done with the download.

If all goes well from here on out, I'll have this working tonight. If all goes as expected, I'll polish off this [bottle of scotch](http://www.glenfiddich.com/lda.html?redirect=/index.html) trying to get it to work.
