---
layout: post.html
title: Mexico, brothers-in-law, school
url: ch/479.html
tags: [Harvard Street]
---
It appears my brother-in-law (one of them, anyway) is back in Mexico City. You can tell this because [he's blogging again](http://sagestache.blogspot.com). He goes down there to study atmospheric chemistry, but spends all his time talking about Mexican facial hair.

Not that there's anything wrong with that. I mean, I'm not sure I'd read his blog if it were primarily about atmospheric chemistry. Not because I don't think it's important, but because I know nothing about it. Complaining about the DMV is really more my speed. And something I am intimately familiar with.

Although, whenever I talk to people with post-graduate degrees (Which my wife's family has about a million of) I start thinking I should go back to school. I'm not sure it makes a whole lot of sense for me, though. I have a B.A. in math, and all my professors always encouraged us to go on to grad school. But while I enjoy learning, I was never a particularly good student. I did well here and there when I really got into a class or two, but I was never the type to do those things that you need to do to succeed in school, like my homework. I got away with it for a while. My ninth-grade Spanish teacher graded us 1/4 each on homework, participation, tests, and quizzes. My test and quiz average was about 98% (It may have been higher - I think she gave a lot of extra credit, and I knew the Spanish pretty well), and my homework and participation average was about 40%, so she gave me C's. She even kept me after class once to give me a speech to the effect of, "You know the Spanish. If you would put forth even a minimum effort to actually do the work assigned, you'd be getting A's." It didn't work.

So, I generally ignore the urges to go to grad school, and they go away. Maybe I'll go get a PHD in something weird when I retire. I think that would be fun. I would definitely call my professors "Sonny" and refer to my classmates as "whippersnappers". 
