---
layout: post.html
title: They couldnt have done it when he hit 754?
url: ch/687.html
tags: [baseball,sports]
---
[The Official Site of Major League Baseball: News: Major League Baseball News](http://mlb.mlb.com/news/article.jsp?ymd=20071115&content_id=2301117&vkey=news_mlb&fext=.jsp&c_id=mlb)

> "I have yet to see the details of this indictment and while everyone in America is considered innocent until proven guilty, I take this indictment very seriously and will follow its progress closely," Selig said. "It is important that the facts regarding steroid use in baseball be known, which is why I asked Senator Mitchell to investigate the issue. I look forward to receiving his report and findings so that we can openly address any issue associated with past steroid use."

Selig, you're a tool. This is the same statement he gives every time they advance the case against Barry.

"I haven't seen him inject drugs with my own eyes, but I take those allegations very seriously." Barry'll go to jail and Selig will say, "I haven't seen him actually sitting in jail, but I take the word of the California Penal System very seriously."

Anyway, it couldn't have happened to a bigger (headed) jerk. I haven't seen anyone mention it, but I'm wondering if he's gotten himself eligible for a Pete Rose. That would be kind of funny in a sad sort of way if the all time hits and home run leaders were both barred from the Hall of Fame for their off-field actions.

I'm a little sad for the game of baseball, but at the same time, this can't come as a surprise to much of anyone.  Which means that most of the damage has already been done.  I hope.

I bet ARod is mad that his smallish contract is getting overshadowed by Barry.  Jake Peavy and his Cy Young award, too.  I am a little surprised that ARod signed for only $27.5 million a year.  I mean, that's barely more than he's been making, and significantly lower than the $35 they had been talking about.
