---
layout: post.html
title: Yay DMV! Boo Officer Key.
url: ch/485.html
tags: [Harvard Street]
---
Now, I'm sure Officer Key is just doing his/her job. But that doesn't mean I appreciate the parking parking ticket I got this morning. $100. Failure to register the car in DC. The policewoman at the station on V St. said my guest parking permit should be all I need. Apparently she's a liar. On the bright side, however, I now have official DMV-issued temporary tags. I made it from Pentagon City to Columbia Heights (via Metro) to 95 M St SW (via car), got my tags, back to Columbia Heights, put them on, and back to Pentagon City in three hours flat. 

That's two trips to the DMV at 95 M St SW, and two great experiences. Yes, they gave me dirty looks because I haven't registered the car in time. But I didn't wait long, and they took care of my problem for another 45 days. By then I'll have my title, and I'll be able to get real tags.

I really can't say enough about how the DMV has exceeded my expectations. True, my expectations were pretty low. And I don't particularly appreciate the $100 ticket (Not that the DMV gave me that, but they played their role). But I was expecting at least the fourth or fifth circle of Hell when I walked in to the DC DMV, and I got quick and efficient service. The lady at the metal detector even complimented my [hemp messenger bag](https://www.nubiusorganics.com/merchantmanager/product_info.php?cPath=59&products_id=176&mmsid=9744d1c337545099b19b8622a7e34c71) as she searched it.

Well, I guess I can say enough about the DMV. I'm done now.
