---
layout: post.html
title: Do not mess with the Do Not Call list
url: ch/390.html
tags: [complaint,Telemarketers]
---
When I was trying to sell my old condo, my home phone number was posted to whatever real estate sites list this sort of thing. That was fine when I was trying to sell because realtors would call me to tell me they were going to show the place.

Now, however, we've bought a new place and took the old place off the market so we could rent it. We've rented it, so we have no need for a realtor. Even if we did, we have two already.

Starting a few days ago, I've been getting calls from realtors (What do you call "ambulance chasing" if it's a realtor and not a lawyer?) who want to help me sell my home. My number is on the Do Not Call list because I really, really resent telemarketers interrupting me.

After about five calls, I finally remembered the Do Not Call list, and so this evening, when Marjorie from Remax called, I wrote down her number. She asked me the usual questions.

"I see your home is off the market. Are you currently working with a realtor?" I told her we were renting the home. "Oh, have you found a rentor?" I asked her if she knew this number was on the Do Not Call list. "Oh, I forgot to check, I'm sorry." Click.

So I filed a complaint at [donotcall.gov](http://www.donotcall.gov). They told me this: 

> YOUR COMPLAINT HAS BEEN ACCEPTED Thank you for filing your complaint with the National Do Not Call Registry.Do not call complaints will be entered into a secure online database available to civil and criminal law enforcement agencies. While the FTC does not resolve individual consumer problems, your complaint will help the agency investigate the company, and could lead to law enforcement action.

So, basically, "Hi, we collect complaints, but don't do anything about them.  Thanks for wasting your time!"

I'm going to contact [Consumerist](http://www.consumerist.com) and see what they suggest.  I want Marjorie at Remax to pay the fine.
