---
layout: post.html
title: Miro needs your help to not suck
url: ch/617.html
tags: [complaint,TV]
---
[Miro needs your donations to build the future of Internet video - Boing Boing](http://www.boingboing.net/2007/09/13/miro-needs-your-dona.html)

> Miro needs your donations -- the project is trying to raise $50,000 to pay programmers and designers to make its player even better

I'm all about a nice, free video player that tries to get us to the next step in how we consume television and movies and whatnot.  I hate that I have to pay for hundreds of stupid channels just so I can get "The Office" and Redskins games in HD.  It's terrible.  Why should I subsidize some niche channels that no one would pay for on their own?

But the Miro player is a piece of crap.  I've tried it twice, and it broke a Windows XP laptop and an Ubuntu 6.04 desktop.

And Cory Doctorow begging for money for the project is just a little bit hypocritical.  He seems to think that everything on the internet should be free, except the stuff he cares about, which should be fully financed by anyone with some spare cash.  If this project really needs $50,000 to be viable, then maybe it's not such a friggin' good idea, Mr. "_I am a board member for the Participatory Culture Foundation, the 501(c)3 charitable nonprofit that oversees production of Miro_".

I really do hope the Miro project succeeds and gives us another model for distributing quality video content.  But I'm not giving them money when they beg.  Provide me with a service that I want, that works the way it should, and I'll pay for it.  But try to get me to donate money to a bloated piece of software that I'm not entirely sure fulfills the needs of anyone, and I'm just not interested.
