---
layout: post.html
title: Officially back on track
url: ch/693.html
tags: [Anti complaint,Writing]
---
For the first time since November 7th, I am back on the [Nanowrimo](http://www.nanowrimo.org) pace.  I just hit the 35,000 word mark, and things seem to be going well.  It's been my experience, as a four-time Nano winner, that 40,000 is the magic number where the writing just comes out.  I want to say it all goes downhill, but I mean that in the sense of a river flowing, not the quality.  Once you hit 40,000 and your 'words to go' number is only four digits, it gets easier.  You can see the finish line, and it's not that far away.  It just gets easier from there.

So I only need 5,000 more words to hit that mark, and then I might as well be done.  That's encouraging.  The story is going sort of okay, I guess.  There are a lot of things I wanted to get into that I haven't.  There's one character who wasn't important, and then she was, and now I have no idea what to do with her.  She's stuck at her sister's house, an invalid on the couch with a broken leg, and I haven't the slightest clue how to get her involved in the story again.  My female main character is doing okay.  I feel that I've written a passable female character, believable but not very interesting.  I don't think she's a bad character, and I don't think she's a bad female character, but she isn't very interesting.

Anyway, it feels good to be back on the pace.   Just in time to get behind again because of the holiday.
