---
layout: post.html
title: Youre a pain, Cingular
url: ch/417.html
tags: [complaint,Work]
---
I've been having some problems at work.  It's a really long story that I won't go into because it's not that interesting, but the end result is that I need wireless internet access for my work computer.  I did some brief research, and decided that online reviews suggest that Sprint has the best internet service.  Corporate tech support vetoed Sprint.  "We would prefer not to use Sprint", they said.  Whatever.  Verizon was pretty expensive, and they have this really cool reputation for selling "unlimited" access and then cutting off service for people who use too much bandwidth.  Plus they're trying to kill [Vonage](http://www.vonage.com) over some ridiculous patents (Search [Techdirt](http://www.techdirt.com) if you want more info), which makes me salty.

Anyway, we went with Cingular.  The only other option was TMobile, and everything I've ever heard about them suggests that they are the Hyundai of mobile phone providers.

The Cingular card has been basically unusable.  I tried to download a large text file today and the connection cut out.  I tried to remote login to our server back at the main office to tweak some settings and the connection cut out.  I can't talk to my wife on GTalk because it keeps signing me in and out.

To top it off, I need the wireless number attached to the card to even be allowed to speak to tech support.  I don't have that because I didn't buy the card, work did.  And work tech support took the day off today or something, so I couldn't get the number I need.

In any event, I have my work laptop at home, and I'm seriously considering doing some work from here, where I have a reasonable internet connection.  But we're going to have to figure this out, because I can't work from home all the time (Not that I would mind).

So, Cingular, your tech support will get its chance to try and help me, but if you tell me to reinstall the connection software, I will seriously come to your house and do something really awful, like use your restroom and leave the toilet seat up.
