---
layout: post.html
title: Please, stop the quarterback worship
url: ch/720.html
tags: [complaint,sports]
---
Tony Romo. Brett Favre. Tom Brady. Matt Ryan. Anyone starting for USC. It never ends. I just listened to ESPN's announcers for the Michigan State - Boston College - Champs Sports Bowl heap praises on Matt Ryan, BC's quarterback, for completing a touchdown pass where the wide receiver clearly pushed off, blatant offensive pass interference that wasn't called. The announcers acknowledged that this was an illegal play, but STILL talked about how great Matt Ryan is.

Now, here we are, BC is running out the clock. And by running out the clock, I mean not running at all. And Matt Ryan drops back, gets sacked, fumbles, and it's the offensive lineman's fault. "Matt Ryan was expecting the block!" So because BC is up 11 in the fourth, but still throwing because their running game is totally nonexistent, and Michigan State is all over the pass, it's the offensive line's fault.

The Michigan State QB just made one of the best throws I've seen all year. Touchdown, Michigan State, and they are almost covering the spread. If you weren't watching that, you missed an absolutely fantastic touchdown pass. And now they got the conversion and it's 24-21.

Matt Ryan can go jump in a lake. He wishes he could make that play. Sure, he'll go in the first round of the draft, and Michigan State's Brian Hoyer will definitely not. But that was a sweet play.

However, Hoyer also has three picks. That's not going to cut it.

Anyway, I don't want to heap too much praise on Hoyer - that would be a little hypocritical. But this has been a fun fourth quarter. If you aren't watching, you should be.

As an aside, if you punt on 4th and 1 while losing in the fourth quarter, you deserve to lose. Do you hear me, Michigan State? You DESERVE to lose.

Edited to add: Ryan just fumbled. Clown. Way to be a winner on 3rd and 1 with 2:45 to go.

Edited again to add: Hoyer throws a pick on the first play. Nice job. Both of these quarterbacks seem to want to lose.
