---
layout: post.html
title: Drugs, cheating, and incompetent management
url: ch/553.html
tags: [baseball,complaint,sports]
---
What the heck is going on with cycling? They can't go a month without someone getting caught doping. I can't believe the positive feeling about cycling in the US generated by Lance Armstrong is going to last much longer, especially with the controversy surrounding him.

I'm in favor of not only a one strike rule, meaning you get caught doping once and you get a lifetime ban, but also a one year team ban. If your teammate gets caught, your team sits out a year. Edited to add:  Looks like they did kick out the first guy's teammates, as well.  That should do wonders for team unity.  Maybe next time they'll do a better job of policing themselves.  Or maybe they're all on drugs.  I'm guessing the latter.

Maybe they should implement that in all pro sports. Mandatory regular tests and lifetime bans should go a long way towards getting rid of the performance enhancing drugs.

It gets pretty tiring. And it's not just the drugs. We have Michael Vick leading a pack of guys who just can't be satisfied by adoring fans and millions of dollars and feel the need to break all sorts of laws. We have the gambling, point-shaving basketball ref, and if you've ever watched a basketball game and think this guy is the only one, you're crazy. The NBA has been a little too quick and to insistent in stressing that he was just one "criminal". And we have Bonds on the doorstep of asterisking himself past Hank Aaron and into first place on the all-time home run list, at least until A-Rod passes him. If we lived in a truly just world, he'd get indicted this week and end up going to jail before he can break the record.

Anyway, none of this means I'm not eagerly awaiting the beginning of football season, and constantly dreaming that someone in the Orioles organization will finally wake up and trade the entire team except for Brian Roberts and Erik Bedard, rebuild with prospects, and be the 2006 Tigers of 2012.
