---
layout: post.html
title: What have we done?
url: ch/317.html
tags: [complaint,uninformed ramblings]
---
[In the House, Suddenly Righteous Republicans](http://www.washingtonpost.com/wp-dyn/content/article/2007/01/03/AR2007010301611.html)

> Anne Kornblut of the New York Times asked McHenry if his complaint might come across as whining.
> 
> "I'm not whining," he whined.

So, when the Republicans were in power, Nancy Pelosi submitted a bill asking for fair treatment of the Democratic minority. The Republicans ignored it. Now, the Republicans are submitting the same bill with the roles reversed, and are mad that the Democrats aren't jumping to do what they ask. The Republicans even had it delivered by a new member who could argue with something resembling a straight face that he had nothing to do with the Republicans actions a few years ago.

This is a pretty crappy thing to do on both sides, especially the Republicans. But the Washington Post has to go and ruin the article by the above quote. "Ooh, let's call the Republicans 'whiners'. That'll show them." On a related note - Cindy Sheehan is not helping anything. Defunding the Iraq war is the worst idea I've heard since someone thought, "Hey, it would be cool if George W. Bush was the President!"

I think my point here is that, when we "cleaned house" and got rid of some of the biggest problem Republicans in office, we seem to have replaced them with equally bad (though in different ways) Democrats. My mom doesn't like Nancy Pelosi. And my mom has an incredible gift for finding the good in anyone, so if she can't see anything positive in Nancy Pelosi, it's probably not there.  And yes, I know my mom doesn't know her personally, nor is she a professional political analyst. Actually, I don't think I have a point. I'm just terribly frustrated that there doesn't seem to be a single person anywhere in American politics who seems to represent my views. There's no one I can get behind and say, "Hey, this person speaks for me".  Am I asking too much?  Should the leaders I helped elect occasionally say things I agree with?  There are things I believe in on both sides of the political spectrum (Although not on the strange third axis of political thought where George W. Bush lives).

Is this my least coherent post ever?  Vote in the comments.  It's not even 8:30AM. I swear I'm not drunk.
