---
layout: post.html
title: So you need a home security system
url: ch/458.html
tags: [Vector Security]
---
Yesterday, we had [Vector Security](http://www.vectorsecurity.com/) install a system in our condo. We're on the first floor, so a few of our windows are pretty exposed, and we figured it would be a bit of peace of mind.

So far, I'm very impressed with Vector. We talked to ADT and ASC, and weren't impressed with either. ADT was okay, but I don't feel like they were being completely straight with us. ASC postponed the first appointment by calling 45 minutes before they were supposed to arrive, and then forgot to show up for the second appointment. When I called at 4:30, half an hour after the guy was supposed to show, their answering machine told me to call back during business hours, 8-5. So we didn't expect much from Vector, who actually sent us junk mail that turned out to be good for both us and them.

I wasn't there for the installation. My wife took care of it, which she's done a lot of lately, and for which I'm very grateful. She said the install guy was exceptionally polite. He waited to be invited in to enter the house, he swept up the dust from drilling in the closet when he was finished, and just did about everything you'd want from someone coming to your home to do some work. Vector has also been responsive and very pleasant on the phone, and I love their web interface to the alarm. If I forget to turn the alarm on when I leave for work, I can go online and turn it on from there, or see the status, and all kinds of information about the alarm. It's pretty cool.

Anyway, it's too early to give a full evaluation of Vector, but so far I'd highly recommend them to anyone looking into a security system.
