---
layout: post.html
title: Pizza and basketball
url: ch/457.html
tags: [Harvard Street]
---
Tell me if this sounds like a nice Thursday evening.

It's about 72 degrees out, sunny, pleasant breeze. At about 5:30, I walk to 16th St to catch the S2 bus down to K St and walk over to meet my wife and some coworkers at Bottom Line. A former coworker and good friend who moved to Philly was in town, and another former coworker and good friend who just switched jobs was there, too. We hung out until about 8 and then caught the 42 bus back (Never mind running diagonally across the intersection of 17th and I, that never happened). Around about Dupont Circle, we realized we had no food at the house. No problem, send a text to Google and get the phone number for Radius Pizza, which we've been told is some of the best in DC. Forty-five minutes later (A little slow, but tolerable), they arrive with a giant pizza. Wow, was it good. Expensive ($23 for a large), but a huge pizza, and one of the best I've had. Then we fell asleep watching the NCAA tournament.

And now it's my last day at my job. I'm staying with the same company, but moving to a new project. I start the new on Monday (Unfortunately I can't take some time off in between), and it's on Metro, which is really cool. I've only had one commute in my life that didn't involve driving, and that was just a winter break job one year in college. So I'm excited.

So, I'm in a pretty good mood. And rambling. You can tell I'm in a good mood when I start rambling about not much in particular.
