---
layout: post.html
title: Ill make you famous
url: ch/650.html
tags: [Writing]
---
Okay, probably not that famous. But I'm looking for some names for my [Nanowrimo](http://www.nanowrimo.org) novel, and I'm terrible at thinking of good names. I used names from my Gmail spam folder last year, but last year's novel was a little more fanciful than this one, which is going to be serious literature. Written in 30 days.  I mean it.

Anyway, I have a couple of characters already named. I still need names for: 

  * A thinly veiled Barack Obama.
  * An equally thinly veiled Mitt Romney.
  * The hero. Actually, I think it will be a heroine, because I've always had trouble writing women (It's hard to write what you don't understand), and that seems like a good challenge. She's the partner of a cop who dies early in the story. I'm not sure yet if she's the partner in the cop sense, or partner in the romantic sense.
  * Random characters. These characters aren't planned yet, but will undoubtedly pop up.
That's all for now.  If I use a name you suggest, you'll get credit in whatever form this is published in, which could be Lulu, a real publishing house, or just the \Writing folder on my hard drive.  The\Writing folder is a really strong bet.

Since context may help, a little background on the story.  It will contain political intrigue and violence, but also a homeless guy named Shake and Bake.  Think [Christopher Buckley](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Christopher_Buckley) meets [John Woo](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/John_Woo), then they go smoke pot behind a dumpster.

Suggestions welcome in the comments.
