---
layout: post.html
title: Oh, look, torture works
url: ch/394.html
tags: [complaint,uninformed ramblings]
---
[Transcript: Khalid Sheikh Mohammed confesses 9/11 role - CNN.com](http://www.cnn.com/2007/US/03/15/guantanamo.mohammed/index.html?eref=rss_topstories)

> "If now we were living in the Revolutionary War and George Washington he being arrested through Britain," [the transcript] reads. "For sure he, they would consider him enemy combatant."

I haven't seen anyone say it yet, although I'm sure it's all over Fox News, but I hope that this doesn't lead people to think, "Oh, hey, I know they say bad stuff about Gitmo, but now we know who planned 9/11, so the horrible human rights violations must be okay!".

I'm not sure I believe the confession.  NPR mentioned that this guy likes to present himself as a "super terrorist" (That may not be the exact phrase they used, but you get the idea), so it makes sense that he would take credit for all these high-profile attacks.  And how long has he been in custody?  He had no legal representation, he's probably been treated abominably, and he likes to make himself out as a big shot.  Big shocker that he confessed.  I probably would have, too.

That doesn't mean he wasn't responsible.  But it means we have to be careful what we take away from this.  If this was an American citizen confessing to killing JFK after a similar experience in jail, any judge in the country would laugh this confession out of court.  And the American people would probably agree with him.  But because he's a terrorist, and terrorists are bad, we can do whatever we want as long as we find someone to blame for 9/11.
