---
layout: post.html
title: Should DC get a vote?
url: ch/348.html
tags: [complaint,Politics]
---
[George F. Will - Voting Rights Chicanery - washingtonpost.com](http://www.washingtonpost.com/wp-dyn/content/article/2007/01/26/AR2007012601540.html)

> For Speaker Pelosi, two questions about the possible scope of your majoritarian abuse: Given your disregard of the unambiguous language and clear intent of Article I, Section 2 -- which uses the word "state" eight times to designate the only entity from which a member of the House may be chosen -- do you acknowledge any impediment to using your majority to give "Committee of the Whole" voting power to a delegate from, say, the AFL-CIO?

My mom pointed me to this article, wondering what my take on it was. As you all know, I'm not a big fan of Nancy Pelosi. But I think here she's just the easy target. I wonder what George Will's take on this would be if the five non-states that the Democrats want to give House votes to were likely to vote Republican instead of Democratic? Or, similarly, whether Pelosi and the Democrats would still be on board with letting them have a vote.

This gets back to my point that I've made before - too often politicians ask "What can I do for my party?" rather than "What can I do for my country?". Neither the Democrats nor the Republicans are always right. Neither is always wrong, either. But dividing the country into two vaguely defined groups and then governing based on what works to the benefit of the leaders of those groups is just stupid. I wish we could stop it. I wish there was a better way of running the country.

How about automatic impeachment after six months if a representative has not made an earnest effort to compromise on at least half of the bills he or she has been asked to vote on? "I'm sorry, you plainly have your own interests in mind ahead of those of the country. Please accept your severance package of a swift kick in the butt and get the heck out of here."

As for the issue - should DC, Guam, etc., have a House representative who can vote? Well, it's pretty clear in the Constitution that this right is reserved for states only, so I think it's going to have to be an amendment if it happens. As a resident-to-be of DC, I'd like a rep with a vote, but I knew I didn't have one when I decided to move, so I can't very well complain now that I don't have one.
