---
layout: post.html
title: Someone complains about Vector Security
url: ch/721.html
tags: [Vector Security,complaint]
---
[Complaint Hub » Blog Archive » Vector Security - still cool](/ch/480) This is a comment left on the above post (I get about 30% of my Google search traffic from people looking for Vector Security and finding that post). 

> Vicky Says: December 29th, 2007 at 12:40 pm eDon’t be fooled. Vector Security in North Carolina is renewing our contract WITHOUT NOTICE OF ANY KIND FOR A THREE YEAR PERIOD. In order to cancel, we are required to buy out the contract for the entire remaining period plus pay a penalty of 80% of that amount. This, after we experienced a false alarm, and could not get the system checked for six weeks. Buyer beware. An additional note: my mother’s Vector carbon monoxide detector malfunctioned. It alarms every five minutes, a shrill, piercing alarm, 24 hours a day. She called the Saturday before Christmas, and was told nothing could be done until the Wednesday after Christmas. The Saturday after Christmas NO ONE HAD CALLED HER TO ADDRESS THE PROBLEM, DESPITE REPEATED CALLS FOR SERVICE. It is still alarming every five minutes.

As I've mentioned, I can't speak to how Vector responds to problems because we haven't had any. Nor do I think that one incident is enough to condemn a company. And certainly this time of year is tough for everyone. However, ignoring "repeated calls for service" is not a good way to endear yourself to your customers. I hope Vector fixes this problem quickly so I can continue to recommend them to people.
