---
layout: post.html
title: Computers, baseball, and a lot of free time
url: ch/552.html
tags: [Anti complaint,baseball,sports]
---
[Uni Watch » Pete, Julie, and Linc](http://www.uniwatchblog.com/?p=556)

> It’s safe to say that I spend more time creating uniforms for MVP 2005 than I do actually playing it.

If you aren't reading UniWatch, you should be.

This particular post is by a reader who painstakingly recreates all sorts of historical baseball uniforms for MVP 2005, a really nice baseball video game.

I've never been that interested in uniforms, but I have definitely spent unreasonable amounts of time on introducing realism to video games and whatnot, so I can identify his obsession. It started with Tomy Pocket Baseball, a little handheld game. I had a league that went on for about ten seasons (A good chunk of my childhood). I still have all the stats, and periodically I get nostalgic for the game, and I'm tempted to go find it and play another season.  I used to spend hours in my room with that game.  And it was really more the stats that drew me in than the game.

Then there was penny soccer, invented by a friend.  I played at his house for a while, then created my own league.  There weren't so many stats to go along with that, but we did NCAA football-style rankings, which was fun.  I always loved watching the unranked no-name upset the undefeated powerhouse.

I wonder what the wife would say if I pulled out the old Tomy Pocket Baseball.  She'd probably prefer it to me playing on the computer, but not to me cleaning the house or something.
