---
layout: post.html
title: Almost forgot the good news
url: ch/749.html
tags: [dc,Politics]
---
DC has decided to allow me to vote in the primary! I got my voter registration card last week. So while we don't get to vote today on Super Happy Fun Awesome Tuesday, we do plan to watch the results come in over tacos at [Tonic](http://www.tonicrestaurant.com/mp/news).

If you live in a state that votes today, you should be voting. I know you may not like any of the candidates. That's okay. Vote anyway. People died so you could vote. If you don't vote, you CAN NOT complain about the government. And if you can't complain, you're not really living, are you?

As I've mentioned, I'm supporting Obama. The more I hear about him, the more I like him. I don't necessarily agree with everything he wants to do - some of his fiscal policies are a little too liberal for me, and I don't totally agree with some of the things he's said about Iraq (I don't care what you think about whether we should have gone in there, the fact is that we did, we've left a huge mess, and I don't think we can get out now, before we help them get their country back together).

But in a broader sense, I love what he stands for. He wants change, to get away from the Clinton-Bush dynasty and reintroduce some bipartisan cooperation to do what's right for the country, not the party.

People knock him for his lack of experience. I've thought a lot about why that doesn't bother me, and I think it's because we all know he won't be alone. It's not like he'd take office, and the entire rest of the executive branch will step back and watch him flounder with foreign policy. They aren't going to just stick him on a plane to Iran and say, "Hey, good luck, come back when you've brokered peace!". The guy will have advisers.  Some of them will have extensive experience in the areas in which Obama has little.  This is not unusual.  It just doesn't make a good sound bite.

Perhaps my biggest problem with Bush has been that he is amazingly stubborn. It is always his way or nothing, and he has always maintained that he is always right, and we should always do what he says.  This sense of personal infallibility, more than any one choice or action, is why he's made such a mess of things.  He has always stubbornly refused to admit he is wrong, or that anyone else could be right.  This is not a politician.  This is a dictator.

So, go out and vote.  Totally ignore everything else I've said if you want, but please vote.
