---
layout: post.html
title: Icepocalypse!
url: ch/778.html
tags: [Weather,dc]
---
Sometime last night, the DC area was hit by the lesser-known Fifth Horseman of the Apocalypse, freezing rain. I imagine the city has shut down. I didn't bother to go outside, although we're supposed to celebrate my dad's birthday tonight in Annapolis, so I might later. Last time there was "inclement weather", on Wednesday, I went to pick up the wife and visit my grandmother in Arlington. It was some of the worst traffic I've ever seen in the city. Things went okay down 14th Street until a block before the circle. Then we stopped. And waited. I forget which circle that is, but it's just south of 14th and N NW. Traffic in the circle wasn't moving. About half the cars waiting with me on that final block turned around before we started moving. I got most of the way through the circle before I decided to bail out onto Vermont, which I've never done before, but it goes in more or less the same direction. That was a mistake. I ended up turning right on K instead of I St. If you live in the city, you've probably driven on K. It's prety much a disaster all the time. I was almost killed there on the way to my rehearsal dinner, following the then-fiancee and making a right off K without using the stupid access road (Who knew you couldn't go right from the main road?). The problem I ran into was that you can't make a left from K during rush hour at all. And I needed to be on I St. I ended up going right on 18th, going around the block and coming back down Connecticut. I probably should have gone right on 20th and came down 19th, but I wasn't sure I could do that, and I like to do my experimenting with new streets when it's not 6pm and I'm already late. Looking at Google Maps now, it looks like it would have been fine. Anyway, going left on 19th from I St was a mess, too. Luckily I told my grandmother we'd be later than I originally thought, so we were still on time. All of this is basically to explain that I didn't go into work today and am planning to do some work from here. I don't expect anyone will even notice (Except one of our team leads, who reads the blog. Hi, Andy!). Edit: Just noticed that [DCist](http://dcist.com/2008/02/22/icepocalypse_fe.php) used the same "icepocalypse" in their title as I did. I'm gonna sue. Jerks. I mean, it's not possible that they came up with the same thing I did. I'm just too clever for that. They must have stolen it.
