---
layout: post.html
title: Nike fails the internet
url: .html
tags: [complaint,stupid people,internet]
---
[Gizmodo](http://gizmodo.com/375156/official-59-nike%252B-sportband-works-without-ipod) points out that Nike is offering their little running companion device without the iPod starting April 10th. This is good news to me - I've been wanting something like that, and didn't want to spend $200 on a wrist-mounted GPS. $60 is a more reasonable investment. Gizmodo didn't include a link to Nike's site, but just copied the press release or whatever it is. I didn't really read it. So I went to Google and looked up "nike+". The first hit is the [right one](http://nikeplus.nike.com/nikeplus/), but it's very, very wrong. Look, Nike, I understand that you're all about selling your image, not just shoes that I can't wear because of the high arches and workout clothes that aren't any better than generic knockoffs from Target. But I'm pretty sure you're still in the business of taking money in exchanged for goods. I can't be positive of this fact, because at no time did your website ever suggest that you have products that may be purchased. It hints that there are methods for possessing Nike products, and that you may (nay, should) already possess Nike products. Seriously, Nike, for the amount of money you pay Tiger Woods for six seconds of looking at a camera, you could have a credible online store where customers could give you money and you could mail them products. I will bet you a bazillion dollars that Amazon would make one for you in exchange for some sort of exclusivity deal. I will bet you **two** bazillion dollars (that's bazillion with a b!) that a twenty minute search of Craigslist could find you dozens of web developers who would do it for a dozen pairs of shoes. And they would do it without the hideously awful navigation that you currently have on your site, too. If your site contained a "Preorder now!" link which would take my credit card number and my address and send me your product on April 10th, when you release it, there is a good chance I would have given you $60 today. I'll probably still give you $60 later. But now I'm going to be annoyed about it.
