---
layout: post.html
title: Crosswalk misadventures
url: blog/crosswalk-misadventures.html
tags: [traffic,harvardstreet,dc,complaint,Zip 20005]
---
I got hit by a truck today. Seriously. I'm fine, although a little bruised. I went to the post office after work to send a cd of [wedding photos](http://flickr.com/photos/thetejon/sets/72157606006437304/) to the father of the bride and a [Book Mooch book](http://www.bookmooch.com). I was meeting the wife at Whole Foods, but I was early, wanting to catch the post office before 5. So I decided to walk to Whole Foods. It's not a bad walk, although it was pretty hot and disgusting out today. I was waiting to cross 16th St NW at P when the light changed and I got the walk signal. I began to walk. A Ford F-250 coming the opposite direction tried to make a left before the crossing traffic started to move, and I guess he didn't see me. I didn't have time to get out of the way. The truck's bumper hit my left leg, just below the knee. I also have a bruise on my knee and a bruise on my left wrist. I kind of bounced off the truck. Luckily, someone's Lexus (I think it was a Lexus - it came up on me kind of quick) was parked where I could bump into it and not fall on my face in the middle of 16th Street. That would have been totally embarrassing. I can't recount the exact conversation I had with the driver. He got out, and was suitably freaked out and apologetic. I think after the initial shock, I was mostly sort of amused that I had actually just been hit by a truck. Have you ever seen an F-250? It's a big truck. And here's where I'm non-confrontational to a fault. I've gone over this in my head dozens of times since this afternoon, and I still don't regret walking away. With this guy right in front of me, apologizing profusely and clearly concerned with my well-being, I just wasn't mad. There were numerous witnesses, and I think some of them called the police. I just wanted to keep walking. Which I did. I got most of the way down the block before the guy caught up with me. There were two DC government employees at the scene, possibly Metro, but I'm not really sure. Apparently they told the guy that he had to get something in writing from me saying that it was cool or they'd have to report it. I didn't have any extra paper, so I had to wait while the guy called one of the passengers in the truck to bring paper and a pen. That was kind of weird. We both stood there, looking across the street, pretending we were somewhere else. I mean, what are you supposed to do in that situation? "So, you hit me with your truck. Where were you going?" I signed a note saying that I was okay and this was over with, and that was that. The guy thanked me, shook my hand, and sort of hugged me. It was not quite as awkward as it probably sounds, but close. I did ask him what kind of truck it was. I had thought it was an F-250, but I wanted to make sure I got my story straight. I mean, I wouldn't want to claim to have taken a hit from a bigger truck than actually hit me. I'm no liar. Most of the witnesses were more upset than I was, I think. Two of them came up to talk to me, and one gave me the license plate number of the truck. I appreciate that. I guess maybe I'll keep it, although I can't imagine I'd ever need it. My leg is sore, but I've been hit harder playing [flag football](http://www.sleagues.com). I imagine other people would have reacted differently. I was in the crosswalk. I did have the right of way, and even if I hadn't been there, he was still breaking some traffic laws. If he had reacted differently, I probably would have, too. If he had blamed me, I would have been angry. But I'm okay with my reaction. I realize that I take a lot more than I have to without getting angry, or even demanding what I deserve. I've always been like that (You can ask my mom). And now I can truthfully tell people that I was hit by a truck and didn't even fall down. How many people can say that? 
