---
layout: post.html
title: Dear Dallas Fans
url: ch/734.html
tags: [Statistics]
---
Look, you have it all wrong. The problem with Tony Romo isn't Jessica Simpson. It's December.

In two seasons, Romo has a completion percentage of 64% and a rating of 95. For reference, Joe Montana's career numbers are 63% and 92. So, Romo's off to a good start. He's thrown 57 touchdowns to only 33 interception. His career record is 20-10 (All numbers include his two playoff games).

But then look at him in December. He's 4-7. 11 touchdowns vs 14 interceptions. His completion percentage is 59% and his rating is 74. He has 31 fumbles in his career, 13 in 11 December games.  The numbers look even worse if you take out two games against Detroit, not exactly the shining model of a good football team.

The numbers are even more disparate if you remove December from his totals (Shocking, I know, that basic mathematics still apply to the quarterback of the Cowboys.  Someone tell Jerry Jones).  67% completion percentage outside of December, 46 touchdowns to 19 interceptions, a 16-3 record, and a 108 rating.  Those are Hall of Fame numbers (Assuming they continue, of course).    But ask Dan Marino how people react when you can't win in the playoffs.  Or ask Peyton Manning two years ago.

Romo seems like a nice guy, and he's certainly had some early-season success.  But he needs to learn how to play in December.

If you want to hate Jessica Simpson because she's pretty, famous, and really dumb, then go ahead and hate her if it makes you feel better. But blame Romo's playoff misery on something else, because it's not her fault.

Again, for reference, you want to know someone with a career passer rating of 74?  Gus Frerotte.  Jon Kitna's career rating is 79.  Charlie Batch's is 78.

Do you hear me, John Madden?  Romo may go on to have a long and brilliant career, but before you anoint him the heir to your man-crush on Brett Favre, let's see him win a meaningful game in December.
