---
layout: post.html
title: Top Three Reasons my Wife is Awesome
url: .html
tags: [awesome,family,life]
---
There is no question that my wife is awesome. You may think I'm biased, but I assure you that my bias pales in comparison to her awesomeness. Reason #1 that my wife is awesome: **She refuses to rest on her laurels**. The reasons she is great right now are not necessarily the same as the reasons she was great last year, or will be great next year. For example, earlier in our relationship, she had the opportunity to meet a bunch of my friends from way back all at once. They can be a little intimidating - it's a big group of people who have known each other a long time, and they're full of inside jokes and whatnot. Anyway, instead of being intimidated, she jumped right in and made friends. But that's not on the list now. Reason #2 that my wife is awesome: **She's taking me to Paris for my 30th birthday**. She just told me today (Through a little treasure hunt). I can't wait. She's wanted to take me for a while. She lived in France for a year or so and speaks fluent French. I've never been to France, and can say, "I don't speak French" in French. But I'm very excited. We're renting a little efficiency for six nights in late April. It's right in the middle of everything, and we're going to see the Rodin museum and the Champs Elysees and we'll eat baguettes and cheese. Reason #3 that my wife is awesome: **She's pregnant**. Yup, about fifteen weeks in. This is our first, and I'm more excited than I'm even going to get close to expressing. I got to see an ultrasound two weeks ago, and just watching my little son or daughter hopping around in there was surreal. Anyway, more to come, but I think I'm going to get off the computer and go hang out with my awesome wife.
