---
layout: post.html
title: I love statistics
url: ch/736.html
tags: [Statistics]
---
[Analysis: Romney takes Michigan gold as S.C. fight heats up - CNN.com](http://www.cnn.com/2008/POLITICS/01/16/analysis.michigan/index.html?eref=rss_topstories)

> Not surprisingly, the economy was by far the most important issue to Michigan voters. For Romney's chief competitor in the Michigan primary, John McCain, that was bad news. Only three in 10 voters who cited economic concerns as their top priority gave their votes to McCain; almost four in 10 went for Romney.

In other words, thirty-some percent who thought the economy was the most important thing voted for Romney, which was great.  And thirty-some percent who thought the economy was the most important thing voted for McCain, which was a disaster.  Good use of vague numbers, CNN.

It's interesting that Rudy has skipped all of these states and just hung out in Florida.  Is this a common tactic that I just haven't heard about?  Each Presidential election, I pay more attention than the last, and this is the first time I've really followed the primaries, so maybe this is all normal and I just haven't noticed.

I keep hearing the same thing about McCain from Democrats - while he's the least offensive of the Republican candidates in the eyes of most Democrats, he's also seen as the most likely to beat whatever Democrat nominee he would face.  So it's tough to know who to root for.

At least it's an interesting race.  Hillary and Obama are sniping at each other over some ridiculous, trivial crap.  There hasn't been a clear frontrunner on either side (I refuse to admit that Hillary is the clear frontrunner).  Lots of people who should have dropped out are sticking around (I'm looking at you, Edwards.  You'd better get 60% of South Carolina.  Actually, don't, because I want you to be Obama's VP.).

Anyway, exciting times.  And the city of DC still can't seem to work out my voter registration.  Here I was, thinking I was registered through the DMV, and apparently that was all a lie.
