---
layout: post.html
title: Iowa could have been worse
url: ch/726.html
tags: [complaint,Politics]
---
[Richardson out](http://politicalticker.blogs.cnn.com/2008/01/04/bideon-to-abandon-white-house-run/)

> Meanwhile, New Mexico Gov. Bill Richardson, who will finish a distant fourth in Iowa, with roughly 2 percent of the vote is staying in the race. "We are on the way to New Hampshire tonight. We plan to make this a referendum on the Iraq war. This is far from over," Press Secretary Tom Reynolds tells CNN's Suzanne Malveaux.

As Biden and Dodd step gracefully away, Bill Richardson decides to make this campaign his personal soapbox. Good job, Bill. If you're lucky, history will remember you as a large-jowled buffoon and not the guy who cost the Democrats the White House. Face it - you aren't a serious contender, and your time would be better spent supporting someone who is.

I just overheard my project manager and another employee discussing the results. The employee is happy that Hillary didn't win, although he would have preferred Edwards. His reasoning? She's cold, and she's assembled a cabal of women around her who shield her from advisors and the people a President has to listen to. Seriously, he used the word "cabal".

Now, there are some good reasons and some bad reasons to vote against Hillary. But if this is your reasoning, you might as well start talking about how she's a space alien who wants to sell us all into slavery. You thought I was uninformed about politics? Wow.

I'm glad Obama won. I count myself a reluctant Obama supporter. Of all the candidates, he's the only one I can really see as the President.

Huckabee, meanwhile, really scares me. Religion can certainly be a positive influence on people. There is much to learn from many religious documents, including the Bible. But I can't fathom the thought process that leads one to vote for a man who believes in the literal truth of the Bible.

His recent potshots at Bush are a little childish, too. I haven't heard what he's said, just that he's been ticking off Republicans by insulting our fearless leader. If he wants to distance himself from the President, fine. He probably should. But there has to be a better way. If I was in Huckabee, I'd distance myself by proposing that Bush and Cheney be tried for treason, but some might call that "overreacting" or maybe "lunacy". To those people I say, "History will redeem me."

It worries me that Obama gets a lot of his support from young voters. 

> Obama also apparently had a better showing among young voters. Fifty-seven percent of poll respondents age 17 to 29 said they supported Obama. Clinton handily beat Obama among voters 65 years or older. ([link.](http://www.cnn.com/2008/POLITICS/01/03/iowa.issues/index.html))

People in that age group typically don't vote in huge numbers. And wow, I just realized that, by the time November rolls around, I won't be in that demographic anymore. Anyway.

Still, a somewhat encouraging night. People thought a Clinton victory in Iowa would pretty much seal it for her, and that didn't happen. I would have liked to have seen something different on the Republican side. For example, anyone but Huckabee. But at least it could have been worse.
