---
layout: post.html
title: Your job is more interesting than mine
url: blog/your-job-more-interesting-than-mine.html
tags: [work,the grass is greener,life,complaint]
---
I can't be the only one who constantly finds that most other jobs seem more interesting than mine. It doesn't help that I'm going through a frustrating time at work where we're understaffed as we're expanding, so I get to deal with a ton of customers who aren't that happy with us because we're pushing back deadlines. And I generally like my job. I'm paid very well relative to how hard I have to work, the company treats me like a person, and I like my coworkers. But there are so many other jobs that sound cooler. For example, I've recently rolled over an old 401K into a new IRA, which means I can do a little playing in the market. So I've been reading market articles here and there, and I read about [a "planned coup" at Lehman Brothers](http://dailybriefing.blogs.fortune.cnn.com/2008/08/25/lehman-chief-under-fire/), and a [lowball offer for a competitor by Precision Drilling Trust](http://www.bloomberg.com/apps/news?pid=20601082&sid=aIN4.qMZahJg&refer=canada). These things sound exciting! And then you have the Fannie Mae/Freddie Mac disaster, and the general unrest in the financial industry, plus releasing earnings statements . . . All I have here are annual budget submissions. It pales in comparison. Don't get me wrong, I don't want to be a day trader or a fund manager or anything like that. That sounds distinctly like work. What I'd really like is for someone to pay me for offering uninformed insight on the market. That would be pretty cool. 
