---
layout: post.html
title: Vector Security summary
url: ch/744.html
tags: [Vector Security]
---
Something like 25% of my traffic here from Google searches is people looking up Vector Security.  [This post](/ch/480) is the first Google result you get when searching for them that is not [vectorysecurity.com](http://www.vectorsecurity.com).  And I'm getting more and more comments on that post about people with Vector experiences.  So I figured I'd stick my posts about them in a [category](/taxonomy/term/116), and summarize my experience. First, I have had NO problems with them.  Everything they said they'd do, they've done.  No one has tried to break into the house since we installed the system, we've had no false alarms, and no billing problems.  We don't have a CO2 detector, so I can't offer an opinion there. For those of you who've had problems with them, I will say it again - if they don't fix the problem, threaten to contact the [Better Business Bureau](http://www.bbb.org).  If they still won't fix the problem, actually contact the BBB.  That's what it's there for, and it actually does work. Now, I don't mean that you should do this every time there's a little problem.  But if you have a serious issue that they (Or any company, really) won't resolve after you've spoken politely to them about your problem, then it's very likely that the BBB will help you out. Anyway, I hope I don't have to disable comments on [this post](/ch/480).  I am NOT here blogging in order to give anyone who wants it a soapbox to yell about bad customer service experiences.  But I don't like to moderate non-spam comments (And haven't had to, knock on wood), so please be reasonable so I don't have to start.
