---
layout: post.html
title: Blackberry research and crazy Verizon saleschatters
url: blog/blackberry-research-and-crazy-verizon-saleschatters.html
tags: [internet,gadgets,complaint]
---
Since our [webmail got blocked](/blog/webmail-isnt-evil-it-departments-are), I've been hoping that work would provide me an alternative internet connection. The best solution from my perspective would be if they would pay the difference between my cell phone plan now and a Blackberry that can be used as a modem for my laptop. So, I was doing some research at Verizon's website, and a helpful salesperson popped up and offered to assist me. Here's the transcript of the chat. My comments are in red. 

> Chat InformationPlease wait for a Verizon Wireless sales representative to assist you with your order. Thank you for your patience! Chat InformationA Verizon Wireless online pre-sales specialist has joined the chat. You are now chatting with Elisha Definitely picturing [this Elisha](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Elisha_Cuthbert) Elisha: Hello. Thank you for visiting our chat service. May I help you with your order today? You: I have a couple questions You: first, is there a way to make this chat window pop up whenever I want? Elisha: How can I help you with your order? Elisha: Yes, by going to contact us. That is a dirty lie. I tried that. I wish you weren't a liar, Elisha. You: is it only available certain hours of the day? Elisha: The sales chats are open 8 am to 11 pm. Elisha: How can I help you with your order? You: what's the difference in the two data plans listed with the Blackberry Curve? Elisha: The $ 29.99 only give you unlimited access to the web and access to personal emails. Elisha: The $ 44.99 gives you unlimited access to the web and unlimited access to business/personal emails. Plus it comes with the tether feature where you can use the phone as a modem. Elisha: Which is best for you? You: so for 29.99 you can't use it as a modem? What needs to be included in order for that to work? Elisha: Yes, that is correct. Elisha: You can hook the phone up to the laptop to use the phone as a modem. That doesn't really answer my question, Elisha. Elisha: What key features in a cell phone are most important to you? I already told you I wanted the Curve (Although I really want the Bold, but it's not out yet) You: I'm curious why I can't use the phone as a modem on the 29.99 plan. You: it seems to me that bandwidth is bandwidth, and Verizon shouldn't care what I do with it Elisha: You can't , you are not paying for that feature with the $ 29.99. Elisha: I am sorry the feature alone is $ 15.00. Elisha: That is the way that the plan is set. Elisha: I am sorry. Elisha: Are you looking to order online today? You: well, I'm sure it's not your fault You: no, I'm trying to get work to approve the upgrade Elisha: Yes, thanks for understanding. Elisha: Okay. Elisha: I understand, are you sure you don’t want to take advantage of our free shipping and instant online discounts today? You're starting to sound like a used car salesman here, Elisha You: no, thanks. You: you've answered all my questions, thank very much Elisha: Thank you for visiting Verizon Wireless, I look forward to speaking with you again. Have a great day! Thanks for kicking me off the chat as soon as it became clear you weren't getting a commission! Elisha: You are very welcome!

Anyway, I think it's ridiculous that I can't use the phone as a modem without paying the extra $15. If I pay for the bandwidth, why does it matter if I'm using the phone itself, or my laptop through the phone? I know, Verizon has a right to charge me whatever they want. I'm not arguing that they _can't_ charge me, I'm arguing that it makes them big fat jerks. And Elisha was pretty annoying. I went to her to find an answer to a question that I couldn't find anywhere on the website. When I didn't want to buy today, she blew me off. This is a bad salesperson. And I will probably buy through a Verizon brick and mortar store because of my experience. Take that, Verizon's website!
