---
layout: post.html
title: Proof of divine intervention
url: ch/746.html
tags: [Writing]
---
[Writing: Hone Your Craft with Free Online Writing Courses](http://lifehacker.com/351490/hone-your-craft-with-free-online-writing-courses)

> Web learning site Education Portal points to 10 universities (and semi-universities) that offer free online writing courses.

I was just reading [How to Use Reading to Become a Better Writer](http://writetodone.com/2008/01/31/how-to-use-reading-to-become-a-better-writer/) this morning and thinking about writing. As I've mentioned [before](?p=708), I often get inspired to write when I read something that I really like.  And that desire to write is intense, although apparently not intense enough to get me to do much of anything about it.

So I was thinking about how I should make more of an effort to write, and wondering how I can get over this hump where I can start but I can't seem to finish, and then I came across the Lifehacker link above.  I know the old expression about everything looking like a nail when all you have is a hammer, but to be thinking about how to become a better writer and then to see "free online writing courses" seems to go beyond coincidence.

And it may not be divine intervention.  Maybe it's my paternal grandmother, who passed away last year.  She always encouraged me to write more, ever since she read the story I wrote when I was very little about Indians (Yes, Native Americans, I know, but I'm about 1/32 Wampanoag, so it's okay).  She loved that I kept using the word "lurking".  I'm trying to think how old I was when I wrote it.  I'm pretty sure it must have been before my brother was born, because I think the story was about a boy and his little sister, and I suspect there would have been a baby in the story if my brother had been born yet.  So that would have made me about four.  That seems awfully young.  Maybe my mom will comment and clarify my age.

Anyway, I think Granny might be out there somewhere, gently leading me towards writing.  She always believed in reincarnation, though, so maybe not.  Maybe she left a note on her way out of the Reincarnation Processing Center in the sky for someone to give me a little push.

I'm going to go look at those online courses today.  I still have to get started on the microeconomics course from MIT that a friend and I are doing, and I have about 12 other things I've been meaning to do, but hopefully now that I've mentioned this here, it will motivate me to get going.
