---
layout: post.html
title: Not just for chicks, this thing is going to save me
url: blog/not-just-chicks-thing-going-save-me.html
tags: [nanowrimo,kids,Anti complaint]
---
Despite the implication from the website that it's for women only, our [Moby Wrap](http://www.mobywrap.com/) is maybe going to save my November. This is my seventh [National Novel Writing Month](http://www.nanowrimo.org), and I've only failed to finish once. But I was afraid I was doomed to failure this year. It's one thing for the wife to roll her eyes and go about her business while I write, but it's quite another for me to say, "Sweetheart, will you take care of the kid for a little longer while I write my yearly novel?" They're home together all day, and I know the wife looks forward to being able to move around on her own for a bit when I get back. But with the Moby, I can write _AND_ watch my daughter. In fact, I'm doing it right now while the wife is out running an errand. I'm sitting here, typing away, while the kid is sleeping happily in her Moby. It has taken a little getting used to - it slightly hard to sit and type while wearing it. But it sure beats listening to the kid scream, or dumping all parenting responsibilities on the wife. And everyone says wearing your baby is great bonding, although I'm not sure how useful it is if she's just asleep the whole time. Note to Moby Wrap - put a guy on your front page! It's already hard enough to overcome parent/gender stereotypes without you pitching in to reinforce them. These things are great for fathers, too. And not just because women think that guys wearing their children are sexy (Trust me, I've walked through Dupont and Adams Morgan wearing her, and I've never gotten so much attention from women in my life). Wearing your children is great for you, too. It keeps your hands free _AND_ puts the kid to sleep. That means you can drink a beer and watch the game and still be a good dad. And if your wife is like mine, the more you watch the kid, the more she cooks and cleans. Everyone wins!   

