---
layout: post.html
title: Mount Pleasant misplaced a banner
url: .html
tags: [harvardstreet,dc,complaint,Columbia Heights]
---
Many of you in the DC area have probably seen the [street light banners](http://www.mtpmainstreet.org/updates/2008/04/11/street_light_banners_coming_soon) advertising various neighborhoods around the city. I think it's a cool idea. It can help you identify a neighborhood, and I think they try to contain a little bit of the unique elements of each neighborhood. But Mount Pleasant, an otherwise lovely neighborhood, is infringing on our turf. The eastern edge of Mount Pleasant is 16th Street. This makes it a little surprising to see one of their banners proudly displayed on the 1400 block of Harvard Street. I'm not sure if I should really be so annoyed about this. The wife tells me that, back when Columbia Heights was getting its Metro stop, they wanted to call it Columbia Heights/Mount Pleasant. At the time, Mount Pleasant was a much nicer neighborhood, and wanted nothing to do with Columbia Heights. Now that Columbia Heights has a new infusion of shopping and restaurants, apparently we're not so distasteful anymore. I emailed Mount Pleasant Mainstreet, the organization that sponsors the banners, to see what the big idea was. I'll let you know what they tell me. Edit to add: I got a reply from them already. 

> If that's true then it's a huge mistake from the contractor. Thanks for pointing that out. I'll bike over and take a look and have them correct this. We're missing several on Mt Pleasant St. Thanks, [Mount Pleasant Mainstreet guy] 
