---
layout: post.html
title: Iowa is a bunch of jerks
url: ch/727.html
tags: [Politics]
---
[CNN Political Ticker: All politics, all the time Blog Archive - Clinton out of it, Edwards suggests « - Blogs from CNN.com](http://politicalticker.blogs.cnn.com/2008/01/04/clinton-out-of-it-edwards-suggests/)

> "Iowa does not have best track record in determining who the parties nominate, everybody knows that," [Third place Hillary Clinton] said at an event in Manchester. "You know, New Hampshire is famously independent, it is a place where people want to make up their own minds — they're not interested in what anybody else has decided."

I'm sure CNN is cherry-picking the most controversial quotes, and I'm cherry-picking the best of what CNN has, but wow, that is totally awesome. Even cooler than Edwards calling Obama a "corporate sellout".

I hope all you readers are ready for some politics, because the race is finally interesting again. People are dropping like flies. Pretty soon we'll only have the legitimate candidates left.

Anyway, as people who know me are already aware, I don't much like Hillary. It has been suggested that this is because I don't like strong, smart women. To that I say, "Have you met my wife?". Still, I can't really explain why I don't like Hillary. It's probably her [cabal of witches](?p=726).

If I were an Iowan, I'd be salty. The only two [Iowans](http://getagriponit.blogspot.com) I know are both sensible, intelligent, and didn't vote for Huckabee. Hillary basically said, "Hey, you didn't vote for me, but New Hampshirians are much smarter and less easily influenced, and surely they'll vote for me."

So, Hillary is a big jerk.
