---
layout: post.html
title: The weather around here is whack
url: blog/the-weather-around-here-whack.html
tags: [weather,harvardstreet,complaint,baseball]
---
Two hours ago it was sunny. Half an hour ago, it was raining hard enough to fill up the entryway to DCUSA (With people trying to escape the rain, I mean). Now the sun is coming back out. Normally, I wouldn't care too much, but we got my company's Nationals tickets tonight, and they're the newly upgraded seats with access to the Stars and Stripes Club, whatever that is. [Last time](/node/928) we tried to go to a game, we got rained out. And tonight the game is delayed an hour and a half, but is scheduled to start at 8:30. So we're cooking dinner (read: I sautéed some vegetables and now the wife is putting them on a pizza) and getting ready to give the game a shot. I find it a little ridiculous that I've had tickets to two games this month, and both have been affected by rain. Although while the first game was one that I chose months ago, these tickets were handed to me this afternoon because no one else wanted to go. Perhaps the weather report had something to do with that. In any event, [John Lackey](http://www.baseball-reference.com/l/lackejo01.shtml) is scheduled to pitch for the Angels tonight, and he's having a fantastic season (When he's not on the DL) - his 0.92 WHIP means he's pretty much not allowing any baserunners. And while [Vlad Guerrero](http://www.baseball-reference.com/g/guerrvl01.shtml) is having an off-year by his standards (.289/.348/.506), he's in the middle of a 13 game hitting streak. There are probably going to be some Nationals players involved in the game, too.
