---
layout: post.html
title: I'm going to punch Mother Nature in the Face.  And also WMATA.
url: blog/im-going-punch-mother-nature-face-and-also-wmata.html
tags: [complaint,dc,weather,wmata,harvardstreet]
---
In what I'm sure will be a recurring theme for the day for DC bloggers, I'd like to take a moment to complain about the cold. I don't get cold easily. In fact, just last night the wife and I were discussing that it would be awesome if I could sell my excess body heat - I certainly don't need all of it, and others (including the wife) would be happy to have it. In any event, I bailed on my usual walk to work after less than a block. Most days I enjoy the walk. It gives me time to think and prepare for the day at work. But not when it's this cold. Weather.com tells me that it's 11 degrees out, and it feels like -4. That would explain the frozen snot in my nose. So, I took the bus. Not usually a problem, except that I was on one of the really old models, and it broke down at V Street. The driver didn't announce anything. We just sat for a minute, and then someone got off, then another person, and soon the whole bus had cleared. Luckily there was another bus right behind, so we didn't have to wait. But tell me - have you ever been on a bus that broke down in pleasant weather? I'll bet you haven't. Then I find out that they've opened the roadblocks for Obama, and my normal bus stop is back in use. Except I was on an S1 instead of an S2/S4, thinking it didn't matter due to the road closure. You got me again, [WMATA](http://www.wmata.com). And then, just as I thought things were picking up, some woman tried to run me down on while I crossed H St. I didn't have the light, but there were no cars except this woman, pulled over and letting someone out. So I crossed the street, at which point she started to drive. Now, H Street is four or five lanes at this point. I'm not that big a guy. She could quite easily have worked with me and let me cross (In the crosswalk, though against the light) without making me stop. Did she? I think you know the answer to that question. In any event, I'm at work now, and inside, thankful that my job doesn't require me to do otherwise. 
