---
layout: post.html
title: This is why I live close to work
url: blog/this-why-i-live-close-work.html
tags: [complaint,weather,dc,harvardstreet]
---
A friend once told me that, when considering two more or less equal candidates for a job opening, you should choose the one with a better commute. Is it really bad where you live? The hardest part of my commute was coming down my own front stairs, which we didn't shovel at all, and are now covered in ice. Sure, it was a little slow walking to the bus. But the roads are fine. I got in pretty quickly. When I arrived, I found all sorts of people out of the office. One coworker had a meeting this afternoon postponed because 2/3 of the attendees didn't make it in. Another coworker had a 10AM meeting cancelled (at 9:45) because the person he was meeting didn't come in. I have a 1:30 meeting, and the two people who work in this building that I expected to attend are not here yet, leading me to believe that they won't be here. This meeting is going to be really difficult to do over the phone since it's supposed to be a presentation of various things. Maybe I'll pretend I live out in West Virginia or something, too, and just call in. It annoys me when people shirk their job responsibilities due to the weather. Sure, I understand not wanting to come in. But when these people took these jobs, they pledged to get to the office when they were needed there. You can choose to live far away if you want, but don't use it as an excuse. When I was in college, I never missed a class due to drinking the night before (except the day after my 21st birthday, when I made an exception, and still made my afternoon class) or weather, even when I lived off campus. I skipped class when I didn't feel like going, but never because I had made a personal choice about where I lived or how much I drank. I'm not sure most people make that distinction, but I do, and so I can be smug about your failure to come to work today. 
