---
layout: post.html
title: The Mayor's Conservation Corps and the DDOE are very responsive
url: blog/the-mayors-conservation-corps-and-ddoe-are-very-responsive.html
tags: [complaint,dc,harvardstreet,angry letters]
---
Below is a copy of the email I sent to the Mayor's Conservation Corps. You may have seen their flyers - they put them up on railings and doorknobs on our street today. 

> While I applaud the mayor and the DDOE for their efforts towards conservation and a more sustainable city, littering our streets with paper advertisements hardly seems like the way to start. I live on the 1400 block of Harvard St NW, and I just picked up two of your flyers off the sidewalk during a three block walk. Perhaps your first project could be to collect and recycle all of the trash you left on our streets.

If you have suggestions for projects or questions about the program, they'd like you to email them at [mayorsconservationcorps@dc.gov](mailto:mayorsconservationcorps@dc.gov) or call 202-535-2325. And, before I could even finish this post, I received a reply from DDOE. 

> Good evening. Thanks for your note. Thank you for bringing this to my attention. We will make certain the responsible youth go back to that area tomorrow and clean-up door hangers from the street. My apologies for the inconvenience. Should the problem not be resolved or if you have any questions, please contact me at [Phone number removed]. Thank you. Melissa McKnight Program Director, Mayor’s Conservation Corps DC Department of the Environment 

Who says city bureaucracy doesn't work? My faith in government temporarily restored, I urge everyone to think about projects that could help the city. You can look at [the Green DC Agenda website](http://www.green.dc.gov/agenda) for more information. 
